Sunny Savita: It is perfect, great. Now, guys, this is the one thing, right? You will get your… all the resources over the dashboard itself. Now, apart from this one, I have given you a couple of more, links and the repository. So, this is your knowledge board.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this is your notice board, so I'm going to mention each and every class detail, okay, each and every class detail, class topic, even the notes also you will get over here, right? So this is a centralized seat where I'm keeping all the, all the topic, all the date, all the holidays and all everything over here itself. Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? So I'm sharing this particular link from here itself, you can check.
Sunny Savita: From here itself, you can check what is going to be our next topic. Understood? So I'm giving a link, I'm giving you the… I'm sharing the sheet with all of you. Please check out.
Sunny Savita: I'm, sharing in the, chat itself. Now, apart from this one, guys, you will find out one more, repository. This is going to be the, this is going to be the GitHub repository. Okay, so over here, under the GitHub repository, what you will get, guys, you will get the class-wise resources.
Sunny Savita: So, I created a repository with the name of this Full Stack, full-stack Genet AI Bootcamp 1.0. Now, under this repository, guys, what you will get, you will get the class-wise resources, okay? So, Class 1, Class 2, Class 3, and Class 4. Now, from this video onwards, I will give you the assignment also.
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys.
Sunny Savita: From this video onwards, I will give you the assignment, and even I will force you to solve it using the AI Coding Assistant. Understood? And this assignment, basically, it's going to be an industry-level assignment, means, here, basically, you will learn so many things with respect to the current ongoing topic. So, is it a good initiative, guys, to be yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Yes? I think yes, right? So, I will share the assignment like this only, and this will be available under the GitHub repository. You can solve this assignment by yourself after completing each module.
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys? Yes or no? Okay, great. Now, I'm sharing this GitHub link also. Please check out all the resources and all everything from this GitHub link. I'm sharing under the chat.
Sunny Savita: Now, once you got it, please, do let me know.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, apart from this one, apart from this one, what else? So, guys, in the previous class, I already discussed, if you will go and check with my previous class, which happened on 29th of March. So, just click over here, click on this class, click on this particular folder, now here you will get all the resources, okay, which is belonging to the previous session. Now, once you will open this handwritten PDF,
Sunny Savita: Now, under this… over here, inside this handwritten PDF, basically, you will get the complete detail, complete notes and all.
Sunny Savita: whatever thing I have discussed inside the previous class, you will get everything over here, okay? So, you can download it, and you can go through with this, or you can go through with all these notes and all, everything, and you can revise your topics. You can revise your topics, basically, right? Now, inside this session, guys, we are going to talk about the encoding and embedding. So, I will discuss the mathematical intuition.
Sunny Savita: Apart from that, guys, we'll go through with the entire practical also. So today, and maybe tomorrow, I will take encoding and embedding only, and from next week onwards, we are going to start with the next module, right? So, if you will check out with the sheet, so here you can see today and tomorrow, guys, today, again, we are going to spend
Sunny Savita: over the encoding and embedding, because this is the important chapter, and this will directly come to the RAG and the other, at the other places of this generative AI bootcamp. So that's why I'm putting little effort over here, inside this particular module, okay? Now, after this one, we'll discuss about the transformer, we are going to learn about the transformer, and after that, guys, we'll start with the core generative AI.
Sunny Savita: We'll understand the different, different APIs, okay, we'll understand about the fine-tuning concept, we'll understand about the RAG, multimodal RAG, okay, we'll understand about the agents, agentic AI,
Sunny Savita: We'll understand the cloud, right? We'll understand the complete ecosystem of the cloud, right? How cloud is dominating to this AI world.
Sunny Savita: And we'll see how we can utilize this cloud, right, in our day-to-day development, in our day-to-day tasks, each and everything, we'll see.
Sunny Savita: Now, apart from this one, guys, we are going to explore the cloud, the different, different cloud. Along with that, we'll do a couple of end-to-end projects also, okay? So, next 5 to 6 months, you will be with me, and here only, inside this particular sheet only, I'm going to update all the
Sunny Savita: topics and all everything, okay? So keep two things with you. The first is going to be this sheet, and the second is going to be this particular repository, this full stack, Genitive AI Bootcamp 1.0, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, now, let's begin, let's start. So guys, are you ready? Please give me quick confirmation in the chat, give me quick thumbs up, so that we can start with the session.
Sunny Savita: And guys, actively, I'm not looking into the chat, but yes, in a backend, Deeveesh is there. Okay, he's a very amazing mentor in our Krishnak Academy.
Sunny Savita: So, Devesh is there for your doubts, so if you have any sort of a doubts, you can write in the chat, and Devesh will look over there. Got it, guys? But don't spam. Don't spam, and don't ask unnecessary things inside the chat. Only ask the relevant doubt. And if you have any sort of a doubt, guys, you can ask me in a doubt session.
Sunny Savita: I will be available after the live session. So our live session will be tier 10… till 10.30, and after that, I will be taking the doubts. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: Now, let's begin, let's start. So, guys, here, I have entire notes, right? And, after that, guys, we'll go through with the practicals. So, I have the entire practical, I have the entire notes and all everything.
Sunny Savita: And we are going to discuss each and everything on a theoretical level, as well as on a practical level. And after that, guys, I will discuss one assignment with all of you. The assignment is going to be very, very important. If you will go and check.
Sunny Savita: I already pushed that assignment over the GitHub, right? If you will go and check with the GitHub, right, this is the GitHub, guys. Just go and check with the GitHub, and download this assignment, this text and coding assignment.
Sunny Savita: So, after this particular session only, you have to complete this assignment. Tomorrow, I will give you some different assignment, okay? So, once you will go and check with this particular assignment, inside this assignment, I try to complete each and every aspect of the embedding.
Sunny Savita: Now, how you can collect the data, for genetic embedding, right? Then that takes pre-processing.
Sunny Savita: technique, vocabulary creation, feature engineering means one-off encoding, bag of words, TFI, DF, okay?
Sunny Savita: And then you have to do a couple of more things over here, so each and everything I have mentioned, okay? So don't quit this session, guys. At the end, basically, I will discuss this assignment, and I will tell you how you can complete this kind of assignment, or how you can solve this kind of problem statement using the
Sunny Savita: AI Coding Assistant, right? Nowadays, we all are doing coding using the AI Coding Assistant, right? As we know, we are using GitHub Copilot, we are using Cloud Code, and even in my system also, I have those things. So if you will check with my VS Code, right?
Sunny Savita: So I have access of the cloud code, I have access of the GitHub co-pilot, I think which I already introduced, okay? So we can directly utilize this kind of AI coding assistant for, for coding our solution, right? But the thing is, guys, the concept should be clear. Until and unless the concept is not clear.
Sunny Savita: Even no one can write a code, right? Even no one can generate a code.
Sunny Savita: So, this program, basically, we have designed in such a way. So, first, we'll teach you the concept, okay? Then we'll give you the industry-grade assignment, and then we'll force you to solve those assignments using the AI coding assistant.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Is it making sense to everyone? Tell me yes or no. And like this only, we are working in the industry. So first, the basics should be clear, and then only we can move to any AI coding assistant on any co-pilot.
Sunny Savita: Understood?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great, perfect. Now, let's begin. Now, let's start with the encoding and embedding. So, guys, I created, some, beautiful notes for all of you. Here, you can see.
Sunny Savita: So I'm going to discuss the encoding method and the embedding method using these notes only. Okay, and then, right after the theory, I will jump to the practical. So I want, quickly, yes or no, if you're comfortable with me so far, so that we can start with a live session.
Sunny Savita: If you are enjoying live session with me, you can give me quick, thumbs up, guys, or you can showcase some love in the chat, so that I will also get, like, stay motivated, okay? I will think, like, okay, I'm going in the right direction now.
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: Okay, perfect. So guys, for the theoretical explanation, I'm going to switch off my camera, and while I will be explaining the practical, again, I will switch on the camera, okay? I hope this is clear.
Sunny Savita: Now, if you will see, guys, see, here, what I written, I written, encoding and embedding. So this is going to be our heading, guys. The heading is going to be what?
Sunny Savita: encoding and the embedding. Now, in today's class, guys, in today's session, we are going to deep dive, okay? In today's session, in today's class, guys, we are going to deep dive into the One Hot encoding. We are going to deep dive into the backup words, we are going to deep dive into TFIDF, okay?
Sunny Savita: I'll show you each and everything in terms of practical.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we'll discuss, practical also.
Sunny Savita: And if time will permit to me, I will discuss the embedding also. So, embedding, we are going to discuss in two ways. First, is going to be Word2Back. So this model basically is an important one to understand the fundamental.
Sunny Savita: And after that, guys, we'll move to the transformer-based model. So we have transformer-based model, which is a state-of-art model.
Sunny Savita: We need to understand this transformer-based model to understand the current scenario of the embedding.
Sunny Savita: So if you are going to, under… if you are going to be… use the embedding in the current world, in the current AI era, then this transformer is going to play a very, very important role, means the transformer-based model. Not the transformer, guys.
Sunny Savita: I would say transformer-based model.
Sunny Savita: Understood? Yes or no? Tell me. Great.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, I return couple of things, okay? The first thing is going to be what? So here, guys, I return couple of things. The first is going to be one-hot encoding, right? The second is going to be bag of words, and the third is going to be TFIDF.
Sunny Savita: I would like to know the full form of the TFIDF. Can anyone tell me what is the full form of the TFIDF?
Sunny Savita: If you know then, please write it down in the chat. What is the full form of the TFIDF?
Sunny Savita: Term frequency, and inverse document frequency.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, in the interview, whenever you are attending an interview, guys, so they might ask you about this term frequency and the inverse document frequency.
Sunny Savita: So, this is going to be one important interview question. So, if you are preparing for the Gen AI interview, they might ask you the question from the encoding as well. Getting my point? Yes or no? So, please, don't underestimate this TFIDF. It is going to be a very important topic.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Sunny Savita: Yes? Okay, because when I given the interview, the recent interview, so I given an interview in the Continental, I think, 5 to 6 months back, and they are, basically, they have discussed
Sunny Savita: About this, TFIDF, okay? And the, latest embedding method, okay? Regularly, basically, just to check my knowledge, I'm giving an interview in a different, different companies.
Sunny Savita: And I have so many, interview questions, which I will be discussing inside, this bootcamp only. Got it, guys? Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, here I return, I think everyone is able to read out this one hat on hot encoding. So, what is the meaning of the one hot encoding? So, the one hot encoding means word representation.
Sunny Savita: What is the meaning of the one-hot encoding, guys? Word representation. Okay, word presents, actually? Word presents. So, is the word present or not? So, we are going to be check whether the word present or not. Now, how we are going to be checked that? Using 0,
Sunny Savita: and ones. Okay, so we are going to be convert our entire data, whatever data we have, right? Whatever data we have, we are going to be convert our entire data into 0 and 1s.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you? I will show you the different, different example. With that, your understanding is going to be very, very concrete. Tell me yes.
Sunny Savita: So, inside the one-hot encoding, we… what we are going to do, inside the one-hot encoding, we are going to convert our data into 0 and 1s. Now, how to do that? How to do that? The question comes, basically, how to do that?
Sunny Savita: So definitely, I'm going to discuss, this thing, how to convert our data into 0 and 1s, okay? Now, if we're talking about the bag of words, so inside the bag of words, what we are going to do, guys, so inside the bag of words, actually, we are going to perform the word count.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Word count. So, how many times does the word appear? This is the important one. So, before the, like, this LLM era, before the transformer era, this technique was very, very useful inside the classical NLP.
Sunny Savita: Have you learned the classical NLP? Have you gone through the classical NLP topics?
Sunny Savita: text classification, sentiment analysis, right? NER. So, these are topics comes under the classical NLP. So inside the classical NLP, basically, this topic, this, this particular, like, topics, this bag of words, 100, 100 encoding, right?
Sunny Savita: TF IDF plays a very important role, okay? So, if you are, if, I mean, if you wanted to know more about, this bag of words users, what not encoding uses, then, definitely you can check out the classical NLP, prerequisite session, okay? And even I have designed the assignment in such a way, your entire classical NLP is going to be covered over there.
Sunny Savita: Right? Even I design… even I design the assignment in such a way, your entire classical NLP is going to be covered over there, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, the second one, the third one is going to be TFIDF. So, inside the TFIDF, what we are going to do… so inside the TFIDF, basically, we are going to check out the count. Along with that, we are going to check the importance of the words, okay? We are going to check the importance of the words. So, how important is the word inside the document?
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: how important, how important the word inside the document. It reduced the weight of the common words and increased the weight of the more informative word. So, we'll discuss about it, guys, we'll understand about it, what is the meaning of it. So, this initial introduction is clear.
Sunny Savita: Please stop repeating. Let me, teach now. What is your problem, huh?
Sunny Savita: Please listen carefully. Please, please listen carefully, okay?
Sunny Savita: Great, so this initial introduction is clear to all of you. You can read out over here. You will get to know more about it.
Sunny Savita: Sir, is a TF-ITF, often more applications will apply smoothly? Yes.
Sunny Savita: Correct.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, let's understand about the one-hot encoding. So, can you see, this particular slide? Here, I capped one… a very good example with that. I think you can clearly understand about the one-hot encoding. Now, how to convert this particular data into the zeros and ones, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, here we have 4 documents.
Sunny Savita: Right? If… see, whether I'm saying document, Or, I'm saying, sentence.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Whether I'm saying document, or I'm saying sentence, it is same. Either I can say document, or I can say sentence, okay? Interchangeably, I can use these particular terms. So, I have four documents. The first is going to be people, watch, movie.
Sunny Savita: The second is going to be Pupil Watch Cricket. The third is going to be Pupil-like movie.
Sunny Savita: Fourth, people like cricket. So, is this fourth sentence is clear to all of you, yes or no? Are you able to read out this fourth sentence?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Great. So what we have to do, guys, we have to convert… we have to convert this particular data, okay, this particular data into the one hot encoded weight vector.
Sunny Savita: One hot and coated vector.
Sunny Savita: What is the meaning of the vector? Can anyone tell me what is the meaning of the vector?
Sunny Savita: I think in the previous class only, I discussed the meaning of the vector. Can anyone tell me what is the meaning of the vector?
Sunny Savita: Vector means? Vector means?
Sunny Savita: A collection of numbers.
Sunny Savita: Collection of… Numbers.
Sunny Savita: If you don't know about the vector, you can check out with my previous class, right? List of value, collection of the numbers, anything you can say.
Sunny Savita: Got it? So, this is my data, and this data, basically, we are going to be converted into a one-hot encoded vector. So what is the first step? What is the first step to convert my data into the vector? So, first, guys, what I will have to do, I will have to con… I will have to generate the vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: Right? I will have to generate the vocabulary from my data. Now, what is the vocabulary, guys? I'll come to this one. Okay? Let me explain you the meaning of the vocabulary. So, first, what I can do… just a second.
Sunny Savita: Let me hide this part. So, what is the vocabulary, guys? First, we are going to be generate a vocabulary from the data. So, the vocabulary is nothing, it is a unique word from the data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? It is a unique word.
Sunny Savita: It is a unique word.
Sunny Savita: from… the… data.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? Yes or no? So, if you will check out with this particular sentence, so how many unique words are there? We have 5 unique words. People, watch, like, movie, cricket.
Sunny Savita: You can check out over here. Pupil is here, right? Then watch movie, watch is there, movie is here. Pupil is there, watch is there, okay? Cricket is there. Then pupil is here, like is there, movie is there, okay? Pupil, like cricket. So if you will check out with this particular data, so here you will find out 5 unique words. Making sense to all of you? Yes or no? Now, this vocabulary only, now this vocabulary only, it's going to be decide the
Sunny Savita: Dimension of the vector.
Sunny Savita: It's going to be decide dimension of the
Sunny Savita: vector. So if the size of the vocabulary is 5, then what will be the dimension of my vector? Can anyone tell me?
Sunny Savita: So the dimension of the vector is going to be… so the vector dimension, the vector.
Sunny Savita: The vector dimension is going to be… for you.
Sunny Savita: If my vocabulary size is 10,
Sunny Savita: Then the vector dimension is going to be how much, guys?
Sunny Savita: Then the vector dimension is going to be…
Sunny Savita: 10. Let's say that my vocabulary size is 10,000.
Sunny Savita: Now, what will be the dimension of my vector?
Sunny Savita: So the vocabulary size is 10,000, that the vector dimension is going to be… how much?
Sunny Savita: 10,000. Making sense to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Is it clear to all of you? Yes or no? So the first step, what I have to do, the first step is going to be what? The first step to generate a vocabulary out of this data.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now what I'm going to do, now I'm going to be convert this particular data. Now, what we are going to do, we are going to be convert this particular data into the one hot encoded vector, right? So this is my words, this is my words. As you can see, people watch like movie cricket, okay? So this is what, this is my…
Sunny Savita: Words, this is my vocabulary, this is my dimension, okay? Or this is my features, anything you can say.
Sunny Savita: So let me write over here, this is what? This is my features. And this is what? This is representing my dimension.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this is what? This is representing my dimension. So, if you will check out with the first document, so inside the first… what is the first document? Pupil, watch, movie. So, pupil is available. Pupil is available inside the first document, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: If people is available inside the first document, then I will keep 1 over here. Okay? If watch is available, watch is available inside the first document, tell me, watch is available, yes, it is available. So I will keep watch as a 1. Like is available in the first document.
Sunny Savita: like is available in the first document? No. If the like is not available in the first document, then what I will do, I'll keep 0 over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay? I will keep 0 over here. Movie is available in the first document. This is the movie. Movie is available in the first document? Yes. Here you can see, this is my first document. Movie is available in the first document. So, here I will keep 1.
Sunny Savita: Cricket is available in the first document, guys. Please tell me, quickly, fast.
Sunny Savita: No, cricket is not available in the first document, so I will keep 0. So what is going to be my final vector? What is going to be my final vector? This is going to be my final vector. So how I can represent D1 in a one-hot encoded vector? So this is going to be the final
Sunny Savita: One hot, and coated.
Sunny Savita: representation. Making sense to all of you, yes or no? I just wanted to know yes or no. Is it easy or not?
Sunny Savita: Is it easy?
Sunny Savita: yours?
Sunny Savita: Easy to understand. Very, very easy to understand, correct? Now, over here, guys, let's understand how the second, second, basically, document is being converted, how the second document is being converted into the vector. So, we have, this document 2, this is the document 2, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, inside the document too, do I have people?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, do I have people inside the document first? Sorry, document second? Yes, so I will keep one over here. Do I have watch? Yes, I have watch. Do I have cricket over here?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: Cricket is there. Yes, cricket is going to be won, okay?
Sunny Savita: Like and movie, is this available? Like and movie, is this available? No, it is not available, right? So what is going to be my final vector? This is going to be my final one-hot encoded vector. One hot encoded vector.
Sunny Savita: Making sense?
Sunny Savita: Is it clear?
Sunny Savita: Yes? So, this is a one-hot encoded representation of the data. Now, over here, guys, what we have, we have a third one, third document. Let's check out the third document. People like movie. So, what is going to be the representation of it?
Sunny Savita: People is there? Yes, people is there. Like, okay, like is there, yes, like is there. Movie is there, movie is there. Rest of the word is going to be zero. This is the zero.
Sunny Savita: Making sense? Yes or no? Did you understand how to… how to create one hot encoded vector? Now, if I will show you the first sentence, if I'm going to be showing you the first sentence, just read out this first sentence, what I have written. One hot encoding
Sunny Savita: What it is going to be, represent? It's going to be represent the presence of the word.
Sunny Savita: If the word is present, we are going to showcase as a 1. If the word is not present, we are going to showcase as a 0.
Sunny Savita: Understood?
Sunny Savita: It's good to learn now.
Sunny Savita: Great. Now, let me explain you one more thing. See, this is a one way of representing one hot encoded vector, right? So, we have a data, guys.
Sunny Savita: And if we are going to be convert our data in this particular way, okay? So, we can use it. We can use it at many places, right? So, actually, see, this type of data, right, this type of data, basically, it is called the document-level representation. Document-level representation of the data.
Sunny Savita: Okay, if I'm saying documentation, means sentence. Again, I'm saying documentation or sentence, both are same, right? So this type of data, basically, we were using inside the logistic regression, or inside the nave bias.
Sunny Savita: Right? Have you heard about this particular algorithm?
Sunny Savita: So, this particular algorithm we were using for the text classification, for what guys tell me, we were using this particular algorithm for the
Sunny Savita: Text classification.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so guys, this type of data, basically, we were using for the… when we were using this document-level representation, directly, we were showing the document into the single vector. So this is my document I'm showing with this particular vector. This is my document I'm showing with this particular vector. So this type of data, basically, we were using inside the logistic regression, or inside the name bias for the text classification.
Sunny Savita: But guys, when the deep learning came, when the deep learning came, so we have one more level of representation of the data using the one hot encoded vector. Now, we're talking about the deep learning. Can anyone tell me, inside the deep learning, guys.
Sunny Savita: In which branch, we are going to be solved the NLP-related problems, Tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: In which branch we are going to be solved the NLP-related problem? Correct. You are absolutely right. RNN.
Sunny Savita: L-S-T-M-G-R-U.
Sunny Savita: Okay, G-R-U. Encoder, decoder, right? Attention.
Sunny Savita: attention mechanism, right? So these… all the techniques, basically, it evolves from the natural language processing, right? So inside the natural language processing, inside the RNN, LSTM, GRU,
Sunny Savita: Whenever we have to represent our data into the one hot encoded vector, okay, one hot encoded vector, so we are going to represent like this.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? Is it making sense to all of you? What's the meaning of the RNN? It's a recurrent neural network.
Sunny Savita: recurrent.
Sunny Savita: Neural.
Sunny Savita: network.
Sunny Savita: It comes under the fundamental of the deep learning. If you ever… if you ever heard about the deep learning, right? So you must… I don't know you learned or not about the recurrent neural network, but yeah, it is a very important concept of the deep learning.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? Yes or no? Now, let me explain you about this particular representation. Now, first of all, tell me, till here everything is fine, everything is clear. I just wanted to let you know if everything is going smoothly or not.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, yes?
Sunny Savita: Amazing. Are you learning everything so far?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. And the pace is good, right?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I'm coming to that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now let's understand about this… this word-level representation.
Sunny Savita: Can I open the… just let me add the new page. There I will talk about it, okay? Wait.
Sunny Savita: I'm just going to copy this, example now over the new page. Give me a moment.
Sunny Savita: And I will provide you this entire note so that you can go through with it.
Sunny Savita: Visible.
Sunny Savita: Should I zoom in?
Sunny Savita: Okay, wait.
Sunny Savita: So this is my vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: Now, visible?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So guys, here you can see…
Sunny Savita: This was my vocabulary. Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: This was my vocabulary, people.
Sunny Savita: Watch, like, movie, and cricket. Even you can arrange this vocabulary into the ascending order, right? In alphabetical order.
Sunny Savita: So, first cricket will come, then, I think like will come, then movie, then people, then watch. Because whenever you are going to perform the practical now, at that time, the vocabulary into the… it would be into the alphabetical order.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, right? So, this is the vocabulary of my data. Now, here you can see what I have to do. Now, this is my sentence.
Sunny Savita: Where is my sentence? This is my sentence. Now, this particular data, I have to convert into what? I have to convert into the one-hot encoded vector. So, there is one way I can simply convert it.
Sunny Savita: I can keep it like this. What I can do?
Sunny Savita: I can keep it like this.
Sunny Savita: Pupil is there, yes, pupil is there, so I will keep one. Okay, watch is there, yes, 1. Like is not there, then 0. Movie is not there, movie is there, I will keep one. And cricket is there, not there, I will keep, 0.
Sunny Savita: So this is the one way. Now, this is the another way, okay? This is called the word-level representation. So here, what we are doing, see, people is there, so how I can represent people, how I can represent people, I can represent people like this, see?
Sunny Savita: 1. Rest of the value is going to be 0.
Sunny Savita: Okay? How I can represent watch?
Sunny Savita: This is the watch. Second word is a watch. So, how I can represent watch?
Sunny Savita: So, zero.
Sunny Savita: I can write over here, give me a second.
Sunny Savita: So it's going to be 0, then.
Sunny Savita: 1.
Sunny Savita: Okay, one.
Sunny Savita: Then, the rest of the value is going to be 0.
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about the movie, right? So, how I can represent the movie? So, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, and 0.
Sunny Savita: Now, this is going to be my vector. Can anyone tell me what is the dimension? What is the dimension of this vector?
Sunny Savita: What is the dimension of this vector? Can you tell me what is the dimension?
Sunny Savita: So the dimension is going to be… see, how we represent a dimension, rho in 2.
Sunny Savita: column How many rows are there? So, we have… 3 rows.
Sunny Savita: Okay, how many columns is there?
Sunny Savita: we have 5 column. So the dimension of this vector is going to be 3 cross For you.
Sunny Savita: Making sense or not? So, there is two ways to represent a data into the one hot encoded vector.
Sunny Savita: Did you, now the rest of the vector is clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: This one, this one, and this one? Yes or no? Should I show you the practical and the pros and cons?
Sunny Savita: Should I show you the practical and the pros and cons? Okay, great. I hope, guys, I'm going in a good way. If you're not getting this thing, you can ask me in a doubt session. There, I will answer your doubt, okay? Or, I think a couple of people are saying, sir, one more example, one more time. So, let me explain in the second sentence also.
Sunny Savita: So, what is the second sentence? The second sentence is, people watch cricket.
Sunny Savita: people… watch… Cricket.
Sunny Savita: Got it? This is my second sentence. Now, what is my vocabulary? This is the vocabulary. People watch, like, movie, cricket. Let me copy it from here.
Sunny Savita: Just one more example, guys, for a couple of folks who didn't understand, maybe. Just, I will take one more minute, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, what I'm going to do? Yeah, I think you are able to see now, this one. Vocabulary. People watch like movie cricket, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, I can write over here, pupil, Watch.
Sunny Savita: Like… movie.
Sunny Savita: Cricket.
Sunny Savita: This is my vocabulary, which is a unique collection of the word.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I will do, I'll create in a two-way. So, first, the document-level representation, right? So, first, the document-level representation. How I will do that?
Sunny Savita: People is there, yes, people is there, one. Watch is there? Yes. Watch is there. Like is there? No. Like is not there. Movie is not there. Cricket is there.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, the another level of representation, the word level of representation. So, first word, yes, it is there. 1, 0, 0.
Sunny Savita: Second word, watch, okay? Watch. So, 0, 1, 0, 0, right? Then the third is going to be cricket, okay? So, 0, 0, 0, 1.
Sunny Savita: So, this is a… another level of representation. So, inside the deep learning, basically, we are going to show the word-level representation, this one. And at some places, inside the classical machine learning, inside the classical machine learning, basically, we can use this representation also.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Now, the dimension of this, what will be the dimension of this one, if we're talking about the dimension of this? The dimension of this, basically, is going to be 1 cross
Sunny Savita: 5. 1 row, and the 5 column. Now, we're talking about the dimension of this one. The dimension of this one is going to be 3 cross 5. 3 rows and 5 column.
Sunny Savita: Got it, guys? Great. Now, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to discuss the pros and cons.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now I'm going to discuss the pros and cons of this one hot encoded vector. So, what is the pros, guys? So, pros is very, very easy, right? It is easy to implement, I think we all are seeing, right? It is very easy to implement.
Sunny Savita: Anyone can create one-hot encoded vector. If I'm giving you as a kosher, right? If I'm asking you in an interview, I think easily you can explain the one-hot encoded vector. It is a simple binary representation. Means, we are just going to represent the data into the 0 and 1s.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Zero in 1s.
Sunny Savita: Training is required over here.
Sunny Savita: That the training is required?
Sunny Savita: I think, we don't require any sort of a modal training, right?
Sunny Savita: We don't require any sort of a model training here. So, training is not required. Tell me, guys, yes or no? Training is required? No, training is not required. Direct mapping? Correct. It's a direct mapping, okay? So, over here, you can see, this is the pros. Now, let's look into the cons.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, the cons is very, very huge. If someone is going to be asked in an interview.
Sunny Savita: Right? If someone is going to ask in an interview, so you have to discuss about these cons, guys. You have to discuss about these cons.
Sunny Savita: In an interview, basically, some interviewer, some interviewer, actually, they love to discuss, some, extra thing, extra questions, okay? At that time, basically, you will feel they are, they are talking about some unnecessary thing, like this one not encoding,
Sunny Savita: pros, cons, and all. So, on that side, basically, you can learn about it, you can learn about the pros and cons. Otherwise, in today's world, it is not going to be used, right? I think, at none of the place, basically, we are going to be used this technique, but whatever technique is coming after this one.
Sunny Savita: that you might use, maybe TFIDF, or BM25, and the different other embedding thing. Okay, but I think we're not encoding, we are not using. So, what is the cons of it? The cons, basically, is sparse metrics. In the previous class only, I discussed
Sunny Savita: What is the meaning of the sparse matrix? Sparse matrix means, in the vector, most of the term, most of the number is going to be 0, right? So if you will check out with this particular metrics.
Sunny Savita: Do we have zero over here?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, yes, correct. Mostly values is going to be 0, okay?
Sunny Savita: Just think over here, guys. If we have… if we have… 1000 watts.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, in the vocabulary, let's say we have 10,000 words, okay? And this is my sentence. People watch movie.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, just think…
Sunny Savita: I… this is the sentence size.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this is my one of the sentences which I wanted to represent as a one-hot ed-coded vector, right? And guys, now over here, in the vocabulary, basically, I have 10,000 words. Now, this is going to be my vector.
Sunny Savita: Is it… is it justifi… it is justifying the thing?
Sunny Savita: No, right? Most of the value, I think 9997 values are zeros over here.
Sunny Savita: Is it containing any sort of information? No. Is it not going to be contained any sort of an information? Unnecessary zeros, right? So that's why we don't use it. Now, high dimensional vocabulary increase. If we have a higher dimension, means, if we have too much vocabulary, let's say 50,000 unique words.
Sunny Savita: or if we have 1 lakh unique words, in that case, unnecessary, the vector size is going to be increased, right? So, that again is not a good one. No semantic understanding, right? Is there any semantic understanding? No. In 0 and 1s, what would be the semantic understanding?
Sunny Savita: Right? What would be the semantic understanding in 0 and 1? Nothing. Okay? Out of vocabulary problem, this is very important, guys. If you're going to be explaining this particular thing inside the interview, then it's going to be impact a lot.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Then it's going to be impact a lot. Now, what is this? Let's try to understand that.
Sunny Savita: Let's say if you're getting a new sentence, let's say if you're getting this particular sentence, the sentence is.
Sunny Savita: People enjoy the movie. So tell me, guys, this enjoy,
Sunny Savita: is available inside the vocabulary. Tell me, guys, yes or no. This enjoy is available inside the vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: No, we don't have this in joy inside the vocabulary. So, this is called out of vocabulary problem. Let's say if I wanted to convert this particular sentence into the one hot encoded vector.
Sunny Savita: One hot encoded vector, are we facing the outer vocabulary problem? Yes, we are facing that. Why we are facing? Because this enjoy is not available inside the vocabulary. People is available. Movie is available. But what about enjoy? It is not there inside the vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: So because of that, maybe we'll have to compensate this value with a zero.
Sunny Savita: Right? Or with any other special value.
Sunny Savita: Minus 1, minus 100, something like that.
Sunny Savita: Is it clear to all of you? One hot encoded vector is clear. I just wanted to know quick yes or no, so that I can show you in terms of practical.
Sunny Savita: Kavita is saying not clear, last point. Kavita, what is not clear over here? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Let's say, if I'm giving you this sentence.
Sunny Savita: Understand, understand over here. Let's say I have a data.
Sunny Savita: What is my data?
Sunny Savita: My data is those.
Sunny Savita: 4 sentence, those four documents. D1, D2.
Sunny Savita: D3, D4.
Sunny Savita: Now, from this particular data, I created a vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: So, what is my vocabulary? Tell me, what is my vocabulary? My vocabulary is going to be this one, this one. Where is this? Cricket, watch, like, movie, right? People, people watch like movie cricket. People watch like movie cricket, okay?
Sunny Savita: people… watch… like… movie… movie… Cricket.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, this is my vocabulary. Now, tell me, if I have got a sentence, D5, this is my sentence. People…
Sunny Savita: Enjoy.
Sunny Savita: movie.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now I wanted to convert this particular data, this particular sentence, into the one hot encoded vector.
Sunny Savita: Now, tell me this, enjoy is available inside this vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: Inside this vocabulary, this enjoy is available, no, right? So we'll compensate this kind of word with a zero only, na? Right? Or with any other one.
Sunny Savita: And this could be a huge problem.
Sunny Savita: Got it, Kavita, now? Or anyone else, whoever is not getting this thing.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Got it? Great.
Sunny Savita: So, I hope it is clear, so let's understand, let's do one thing, let's look into the practical. So, guys, are you going to… okay, so this is the complete practical. Let me do one thing, guys.
Sunny Savita: Let me keep this folder somewhere. I will show you from scratch, okay? Just a second.
Sunny Savita: And even I will show you how you can code it using the coding assistance, okay? The different, different coding assistance we have now.
Sunny Savita: So, how we can do it?
Sunny Savita: Oh, okay, just a second, guys…
Sunny Savita: Great, perfect. Now we don't have anything. Let me close everything from here. So, guys, do one thing. Do one thing, guys. Create a file over here. I think you all set up the environment and all that everything now?
Sunny Savita: from where the D5 can come from anywhere, no? Means I can only give that sign. I will show you in terms of practical, you will get that, okay? You have an entire environment and all? Okay, okay. Tell me one thing, I got one query inside the chat itself. How many of you are facing the issue with the, environment and all? Environment setup and all?
Sunny Savita: Are you facing the issue with the environment setup?
Sunny Savita: Should I… should I keep one extra session for that? Maybe on Wednesday or Thursday, I can keep that. For all of you, whoever is facing the issue with the environment setup and all. See, I understand many of you are from the advanced level, who is doing the active development in the industry, and they are very good with the development.
Sunny Savita: I'm just talking about those folks who are the new one, the fresher, or maybe don't know the Python setup and the Python environment and all, right? So, what I'm thinking to keep one session on Wednesday. Is it fine to all of you? I will inform you via mail. It is tentative.
Sunny Savita: Right now, it is tentative, but I will inform you via mail about it, okay? So, from 9 to 11, or maybe 8 to 10, for 2-hour session, just for solving the doubts and all. If you have any sort of a doubts.
Sunny Savita: If you have any sort of a doubt, guys, or if you have any sort of an environment-related issue, you can come over there, and there we can take care of it. So maybe you will get a mail the quick, the final confirmation about it, on Tuesday, okay? We'll send you the mail. Even I will inform you in the community session.
Sunny Savita: Right? Great. Now, what I'm going to do, guys, here I'm going to create one file. My file name is going to be what?
Sunny Savita: and coding.ipYNB.
Sunny Savita: Please do coding along with me. I already did the setup and all everything in my previous class.
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, what I will do, I will select my kernel, okay?
Sunny Savita: So please select the kernel, and please create the file over here. If you are done, please let me know.
Sunny Savita: Yes, you can do setup in the Mac also, that step is going to be the same. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Yes, correct. No fear when Sunisa is here.
Sunny Savita: Nice rhyming, huh?
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. So guys, once you open the file, please let me know.
Sunny Savita: And, please let me teach in my way, guys. Don't say, repeat this thing, whatever, huh? I will… at the end, I'm going to be completed. That's it.
Sunny Savita: So, let me teach in my way. In whatever way I'm teaching, let it be.
Sunny Savita: Okay, how to select the kernel? Right-hand side, actually, you will get an option to select a kernel. Zoom the screen a little bit, I think it is enough, na? After that, maybe it is going to be very huge, see?
Sunny Savita: This seems good, or whatso? Okay, let it be like this. I think it is fine. So, here only, you can select the kernel. Once you will click over here, you will get a option to select the kernel.
Sunny Savita: My current virtual environment is an ENV, so I selected this one, okay? If someone is new, means joining first time, then please check out the previous classes. I think you will get a good understanding. Now, what I'm writing over here, I'm writing print, and here I am writing all OK. Now, once I will run it, guys, I am getting this all OK.
Sunny Savita: Yes, or no?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so here, basically, we have all okay. Now, what I'm doing… so, first, guys, you have to install this requirement.txt inside your current virtual environment, this one.
Sunny Savita: Did you install this requirement.txt into the current virtual environment?
Sunny Savita: Did you install it or not? This is the environment.
Sunny Savita: Env, actually, ENV is my environment, let me check, yeah, so this… I was explaining about this UV add on, UV add or something, so this .VNV is created, let me delete it. As of now, it is not required, I'm just deleting. If someone is having this .vnv extra folder, just delete that, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, we have created a custom virtual environment, and that is what I'm going to use over here. So, let me delete this .vnb, and let me delete this terminal also.
Sunny Savita: Now, apart from this one, this TOML file and this UV log file is also not required, so you can delete it. I'm going to delete.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so don't be… don't be into the complicated setup. Be… keep it simple, and I think I already share how to do that. Okay, so I'm going to delete this ubi.lock also. I hope now everything is fine.
Sunny Savita: So I was using Python 3.11, I think, for this particular, for this particular practical, because I was facing some issue with Python 3.12, so I thought to use Python 3.11, okay? So now my current virtual environment is ENV. Now, what I can do, I can write over here Python.
Sunny Savita: And see, this is my current virtual environment. So please, guys, if you don't want to get any sort of a issue, any sort of an error, okay, so please utilize the same Python version. Please use the same Python version.
Sunny Savita: Understood? This is the require.txt. Now, where you will get all this file and folder, where you will get all this file in folder, I already kept it over the GitHub.
Sunny Savita: It should be 3.11. After that, it could be 15, 16, 17, 18, my name, your name, anything, okay? Doesn't matter. Now, what I'm doing here, I'm just going to be exit. Now, let me add the latest changes over the GitHub. So, git add git commit hyphen amp.
Sunny Savita: Now, here I am writing code, updated, and then I am pushing. So, git push, guys. So, guys, all the changes, you will get it over the GitHub itself. Let me show you, so that you can download, and you can perform the practical along with me.
Sunny Savita: So, what is a date? Today's date?
Sunny Savita: Fourth up Prella, so just check out over here.
Sunny Savita: Under this particular, file… under this particular folder, you will get all the handwritten notes and all everything. Even the code is available over here, this one.
Sunny Savita: Git command, you don't need to write. Forget about the git command. See, here is all the examples. I will update the notes. Now, one more thing is there, requirement.txt, okay? So just check out the requirement.txt over here.
Sunny Savita: Please download the requirement… so please, take all the requirements from here. Please take all the requirements from here. Clear, guys? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Great. Perfect.
Sunny Savita: So, now let me do one thing, let me show you the practical. So, how we can do the practical? It is very easy, very simple. I will do one thing, I will open the encoding, let me close the terminal, let me switch off this as well. So first, guys, what I will do, I will import the one-hot encoder. So, from SKLearn.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Ascalon, actually, it's the library D. Okay, from this one, actually, I'm going to be load the one-hot encoder.
Sunny Savita: One hot encoder, okay? Now, I'm going to be load… import one more thing. I'm going to be import numpy, okay? Again, NumPy knowledge is not required, just to convert the data into the vector, NumPy vector and all.
Sunny Savita: I'm using that, okay? If you don't know about the NumPy pandas, then also it is fine. Now, even I can simply ask to my co-pilot.
Sunny Savita: Okay, even I can simply ask to my co-pilot, co-pilot whether, can you write this code for me? Let's check out whether he's able to do it or not. So here, what I'm doing, I'm going to be write, what I can write. So I can write over here, can you write, can you…
Sunny Savita: generate… Can you give me some?
Sunny Savita: dummy.
Sunny Savita: data.
Sunny Savita: And… Apply.
Sunny Savita: one hot, and coding. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Or…
Sunny Savita: that data, right? So, can you give me some dummy data and apply one hot encoding over that data? So, let's see what it is going to be generated. You can give a prompt in a, like, in a more structure way, okay?
Sunny Savita: That's it.
Sunny Savita: So, it is going to be generate an answer, let's see. I think it can generate the complete code only. Otherwise, I can use a clot code.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, you have to use
Sunny Savita: Okay, you have to use this co-pilot and all, again, I'm saying, for solving your assignment and all. So, it has given me a code. See, this is a complete code.
Sunny Savita: I can test out this particular code, and I can, learn the 1.010 coding. But just answer one thing, if you don't know about this fundamental, which we have learned just now, guys, without this fundamental.
Sunny Savita: Can we implement this 1-0 encoding in the real-time use case?
Sunny Savita: No, right? So whether there is an AI or not AI, right? So whether there is an AI in the world.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: It's still the fundamental should be clear.
Sunny Savita: Fundamentals should be clear. For what?
Sunny Savita: for understanding the problem statement, and to decide whether I have to use this thing or not.
Sunny Savita: The rest of the thing you can do using the AI itself.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And that's where we are focusing inside these codes, okay? Now, oh, I'm going to be close, I'm just showing you one more. We see I can use the cloud code also. Let's see if my cloud code is working or not. So, here I can ask to my cloud code, Claude Bro, can you give me the code?
Sunny Savita: For the one hot and coating.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, it is asking Claude something. I think, I will have to set up… maybe my subscription ended, or whatsoever.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, I think, maybe we'll have to be, like, authenticated, this one, in the next one I will show you, okay? In the next, in some other class.
Sunny Savita: Right? I can do it. I have access of it. I think I added some money and all over there. I can do that. So, here I inputted two things. This, if you wanted to use in a free manner, I will show you that one, okay, in the upcoming session. So here is my 1 out of encoder NumPy, now what I'll do, guys, I'll write the same sentences which I had over here.
Sunny Savita: over my Blackboard itself. So, over my Blackboard, what I had.
Sunny Savita: I had these sentences, okay? I'm going to be keep the same sentences, so this is going to be my sentence, right? I kept in a notepad, I just copy and pasted. People watch movie, people watch cricket, people like movie, people like cricket, okay? Now, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to be executed.
Sunny Savita: And after that, what I will do, I'm going to be… convert this data into the tokens, okay? It is required. So, here I will use the list comprehension. So, for that, what I can do, I can simply
Sunny Savita: Take this document.
Sunny Savita: I can iterate on top of this particular document, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, 4…
Sunny Savita: Here I can write sentence, okay? Sentence, then in, then this is what is my document. Now, what I will do, I will keep this thing inside where, inside the list. So, this is going to become my list comprehension.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, what I will do, guys, I will implement the,
Sunny Savita: split method on top of it. So, how my final code will look like? So, this is the final code. So, document, from the… we'll iterate over this document, we'll, take it inside the sentence. Now, over the sentence, we are going to be implement this split. Okay, lower means I will keep everything in a lower class.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, in the lower character, okay? Then I will run it. Now, see, this is the tokens, okay? This is my all the tokens. People watch movie, people watch cricket, people like movie, people like cricket, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, after that, guys, what I will do, I will convert this particular data, okay, into the, like, basically, words. Means, sorry, into the 2D words, okay? So, in that format only, we have to provide to the
Sunny Savita: one hot encoded, this class, this particular class, okay? So what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to be provide this particular data… sorry, I'm going to be convert this particular data into the,
Sunny Savita: 2D word metrics. So, see, if I will show you all the words, how it will look like.
Sunny Savita: This is the one.
Sunny Savita: All words. Can you see this one? So this was my tokens.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And this is my all the awards.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you?
Sunny Savita: So this is a 2D metrics of the word. This is 2D metrics of the words, okay? So this entire thing is called the text pre-processing. What is this?
Sunny Savita: This entire thing is called the text pre-processing.
Sunny Savita: Okay? This is not a vocabulary. Vocabulary will come in some… in some time, right? Now, tell me, till here everything is fine, everything is clear. If you are able to understand, please give me quick yes or no. Otherwise, I will explain you in… otherwise, I will explain you one more time.
Sunny Savita: So what I'm doing, what I'm doing… so here is my document.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this is my document. Now, I've converted this particular document. I converted this particular document into the tokens, okay? So, this is my data, right? This is what… this is my data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to create 2D metrics of the word, right? So this is my metrics. Metrics of the word only. It is my word, that's it. Because in this particular format only, we have to provide a data to the one hot encoded class.
Sunny Savita: In this particular format only, we have to provide our data to the one hot encoded class, okay? So we converted our data into this particular manner, in this way, right? And this is the code for that, it is very easy. Now, what I'm doing, guys, after this one, I'm going to create an object, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to create an object of what? One hot encoder. So, where is my one-hot encoder? I already imported one hot encoder. Okay, so let me copy it from here. This is the one.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to be create a object of it, okay? Now, here, what I'm doing, I'm going to be keep… I'm going to be write one.
Sunny Savita: a parameter. Okay, my parameter name is going to be is sparse output is equal to false, okay? This is what is my output. Now, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to create an object of it. I think you know what is an object.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so, see, this is my object now.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, this was the class. Using this particular class, I created an object. Now, encoder is what? Encoder is my object. Again, I will give you the revision, don't worry.
Sunny Savita: So, here is what? Here is my encoder. Now, what I will do, I will… I'm going to fit my… all the words over here. So, here is my encoder, then I will call this fit, and here I'm going to be fit my entire words, okay? Fit all the words. Now, once I will do it, guys, see.
Sunny Savita: So this is the one hot encoder, right? What is a sparse output? I will come to that. I will explain you that, okay? I will explain you this particular parameter.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, you can see, what we are able to get. We are able to fit our data to this, class, okay? Now, if you want to check the vocabulary, how we can do it.
Sunny Savita: I can simply write over here, encoder, dot category, okay?
Sunny Savita: And then, 0. See this one.
Sunny Savita: encoder.categories, okay, this one, and then 0. So once I'll run it, guys, see, I will be getting my vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: Is it clear?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: So this is what? This is the vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: You can run it without this zero also. Now see how you will get it. See this one.
Sunny Savita: This is an array, actually. Okay, so if you will put 0 over here.
Sunny Savita: So, what you will get, guys, you will get only…
Sunny Savita: this vocabulary, okay? Angular vocabulary? Yes.
Sunny Savita: So what you will get, guys, you will get a vocabulary. If you're going to pass inside the, print statement. I hope it is clear. It is just an array, actually, that's it.
Sunny Savita: Why we are using this fit? To fit the word, actually, okay? To fit the word to this particular object, right? Now, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to be representing my data into the one hot encoded vector, right? Again, I will come to that, guys, don't worry. So, what I will do… so here, I have a tokens, okay?
Sunny Savita: So… Where is the tokens? If I'm going to show you the tokens, this is the tokens.
Sunny Savita: This one. Now, this particular data, I'm going to be convert into where? Into the vectors. Now, how to do that? Let me show you how to do that. So, I will iterate on top of this particular data. I will run the for loop, okay? So, what I will be getting, I will be getting my sentence, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, let me print the sentence. So, here is my sentence, see? I'm getting my sentence, first sentence, second sentence, third sentence, and the fourth sentence.
Sunny Savita: till here, I think everything is fine, okay? Now, what I will do, guys, I will take this particular sentence, and I will give it to the encoder, right? So I will call this particular thing encoder.transform.
Sunny Savita: Now, here, what I will do, I will iterate on top of the sentence, I will be getting the word. Now, this particular word, basically, I'm going to provide to this transform method.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now what I will be getting, I will be getting my encoded sentence.
Sunny Savita: And then I'm going to be print the encoded sentence, and for the better visibility, what I can do, I can write one print statement also.
Sunny Savita: So here, I'm going to be write one print statement, so you will get to know about which sentence, sorry, you will get to know regarding which sentence, basically, we are going to be create the embedding. Okay, so if I'm going to be executed, now you will see what? See, here you can see the vectors.
Sunny Savita: Can you see the vector?
Sunny Savita: Is it visible to all of you? Let me remove this encoded, I think it was just, extra suggestion, see? This is the one-hot encoded vector. So this is the sentence, this is the sentence, and this is the one-hot encoded vector about this particular sentence.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Satis, don't worry, I will be slowed down. Again, I will explain you that.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, tell me, tell me, guys, how many of you, you understood this entire thing? If you didn't understand, don't worry. Again, I will give you the quick revision of it, okay? Now, first of all, let me give you this entire code.
Sunny Savita: So what I'm doing, I'm just adding it.
Sunny Savita: And then, I'm… committing it. So I'm writing over here.
Sunny Savita: Code updated, okay? Now, I'm going to push this entire code, so that you can also take the latest pull from my GitHub. So, just go and check with my GitHub. Now, over here, guys, see this one?
Sunny Savita: Now, inside the GitHub, basically, you will get this entire code.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Yes, Pranav. Here I have explained why, why to use which… sorry, what is the pros and cons, basically. So, after explaining all the technique, you can make a conclusion which technique needs to be used, okay? We'll come to that part. Let me explain the…
Sunny Savita: other method also. After that, basically, you will get it, okay? Now, first of all, tell me, guys, did you get this entire code or not? Whatever code, basically, I have given to all of you.
Sunny Savita: Just let me know.
Sunny Savita: If you got it.
Sunny Savita: please give me quick thumbs up so that I can give you the quick recap of this entire thing. And after that, guys, we'll take a break, okay? So that you can go through with this entire code one by one, right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so let's start with our region. Once you will give me quick confirmation, sir, we are good to go now. Let's start with the region. I will start the region of this entire code, okay?
Sunny Savita: I'm waiting for 1 to 2 minutes.
Sunny Savita: please take the code so that I can explain you the entire code again, and then we can have a dinner break, okay? I'll give you the dinner break.
Sunny Savita: If you have any sort of a doubt, you can ask me in a doubt session.
Sunny Savita: Ready, guys? Yes or no? Give me quick confirmation.
Sunny Savita: So that we can take a revision of it. Are we going in a good pace?
Sunny Savita: If, I'm writing a code in a little, like, in a faster way, right? Don't worry, guys, because this is my habit. So, first, what I do now, I go through with the entire code, okay? I will write it like this only. Then, I will share the code with you.
Sunny Savita: And then, you will have a code correct. Again, we'll do one more level of revision.
Sunny Savita: Understood? So did you… did you got my… did you get my approach? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: So my approach is basically, first I will write a code in a faster way, in a faster manner.
Sunny Savita: Second, I will share that code with you.
Sunny Savita: Third, again, I will give you the quick revision of it.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Great.
Sunny Savita: No, no need to write a code at the same time.
Sunny Savita: Don't write parallelly, guys, okay? Parallelly code, like ke… problem authai. If you're writing a code in parallel na, you will face some difficulty. So, better understand it, take a look, whatever code I'm providing. After the class, you can practice.
Sunny Savita: how they can match the pace, correct? Let's say 200, 300, 500 people join the session. Let it be practical, okay? Be practical. How those people can, basically match the pace?
Sunny Savita: Not practical, correct? So, don't write a code. This is my under… this is my suggestion. First, observe. Learn. Right after the class. Got it? Good.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So first, what we'll do, we'll, import the session, okay? Quick revision, guys. After that, I'll give you the dinner break. So first, we'll import this 1Hot encoder class.
Sunny Savita: Now, here is what? Here is my data document, which I'm going to be convert into what? Into the…
Sunny Savita: Basically, one hot encoded vector. So first, let's do one thing. Let's just take one sentence, okay? I'm just going to take one sentence. So, what I'm going to do, let's apply it on one sentence. Let's say I have one sentence over here.
Sunny Savita: This sentence, I wanted to convert into the, 1-0 encoding. Or instead of this particular thing, what I can do, I can write something better.
Sunny Savita: So, here I'm writing… Sunny.
Sunny Savita: My name is Sunny, okay? My name is… Sunny?
Sunny Savita: I am… and I am… and I love AI, right? So, this is the sentence which I'm going to be right. And I love AI, generic sentence. Now, this particular sentence, I want to convert into the one-hot encoded vector, so either I can say document.
Sunny Savita: or I can say sentence, both is fine, okay? Now, what I will do, I will convert my data into the tokens. Here, what I will do, I will convert my data into the tokens, okay? Now, see, this is a token, guys. Let me take this document.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Here is the document. Now, what I will do, guys, I will convert into the tokens. So, did you understand till here? Did you got this token?
Sunny Savita: Yes?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? Okay. This is the token. Now, what I wanted to get, what I wanted to get, I wanted to convert this data into the vector, okay? So, for that, basically, what I will have to do… see.
Sunny Savita: There is two things. First, I have to check the vocabulary, right? Whatever vocabulary is there with respect to this particular sentence, this particular data.
Sunny Savita: And then, basically, we are going to be converted into the vector. So…
Sunny Savita: We cannot directly pass this particular data, we cannot directly pass this particular data to my OneNot encoder class, this one. We'll have to convert in some special, format.
Sunny Savita: So, this is the special format, guys. Okay, so what I will do, I will convert my data, this particular data, these particular tokens, into the special format, okay? So, here I have a sentence, where is the sentence?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so this is the tokens, okay? I will… it will come to the sentence.
Sunny Savita: Right? And then what will happen, guys? Sorry, sentence will come to the word, right? One more for loop is going on, and then word is coming over here. There is two for loops inside this particular list. So this is called the list comprehension, right?
Sunny Savita: So, what I'll do, guys, I'll run it. Now, over here, see, this is the words. Okay, in this particular manner only, I will have to provide the data, okay, in this particular manner only, I will have to provide a data to this 1OT encoder class. Getting my point?
Sunny Savita: Now, here, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to be create an object, actually. I'm going to be create an object. Let me zoom in a little bit.
Sunny Savita: I'm going to create an object of this 1 over 10 coder class.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this is the object, and now here I'm passing one parameter. This is the parameter which I'm passing, is sparse output false. Now, what this parameter is doing, I written over here. Let me give you the explanation about it.
Sunny Savita: So, this parameter is not doing any special thing, it is just showing you the metrics, or sorry, it is just showing you this vector representation, okay?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so this is the explanation. A sparse output false means the encoder returns a dense NumPy array, instead of the sparse metrics, right? This makes the output easier. If you're not going to be mentioned this one, so the output will be in some different manner.
Sunny Savita: That you will not be able to get. Okay, so let me remove the tense word from here. I can simply say the numpy, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, numpy array, instead of the sparse method, means if you are not going to be mentioned this, particular parameter, na, the output is going to be, like, a little different, means which we cannot interpret easily, okay? So, just to get a easily… just to get a easy interpretation, I'm going to be mentioned this particular thing, right?
Sunny Savita: So, here, basically, you will find out different, different other parameters also, once you will iterate on top of this particular class C. This is all the parameter you can check over here.
Sunny Savita: this is all the parameter, right? So, each of the parameters you can utilize according to the requirement. I'm just going to be mentioning this is parse output is equal to false.
Sunny Savita: Don't tell me, sir, why you written this name, that name. I haven't written. Whoever has designed this library, that person kept this specific name, okay? I'm just going to be use it, I'm just a user of this library.
Sunny Savita: So, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to create an encoder. Now, I will fit my… all the words over here. If I will check the category, so this is the vocabulary. So, here you can see the vocabulary. This is the unique words. So, AI and I A is love, my name, Sunny. This is the unique words, okay? This is the vocabulary, basically.
Sunny Savita: Now, here what I will do, guys, I will print the vocabulary. See, this is the vocabulary which I got from here.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I will do, guys, I will convert this particular data into where? Into the one-hot encoded vectors. Okay, so let me show you how to do that. So, this is the tokens, right? Now I'm going to be iterate on top of it. So, see, this is the, like, data which I'm going to be converted to the one-hot encoded vector. Now, once I will run it, guys, easily I will get it. See, this is the one-hot encoded representation of my data, okay?
Sunny Savita: or sparse numpy metrics. Getting my point, guys? Is it clear or not? So, any sort of a data, any sort of a data, we can convert into the one-hot encoded vector. Now, what is this transform? What is this fade? Let me talk about this particular method also, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, guys, if you know Python, so in the Python, basically, what we are going to be doing, you know, Python, basically, we are going to be create a class as an object, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, whoever has created this NumPy library for all of you, he has already created a class, and inside the class, basically, a different, different method, correct? So, this 1OT encoder, actually, it's a predefined class inside the sklearn module.
Sunny Savita: Even, you can check out the… okay, so what you have to do, you have to write as skill learn.
Sunny Savita: 1 hot.
Sunny Savita: encoder, right, 1Hot encoder. So once you will write this, SQL and one-hot encoder.
Sunny Savita: you will automatically get the documentation of it. So, see, this is the documentation of it. So this class, basically, is created by the creator, okay? And inside this particular class, you can pass this, this, this parameter.
Sunny Savita: And along with that, basically, you will find out the different, different method. This is the attribute. Let me show you the method, the different, different method, basically. So, fit method is there, fitTransform method is there, okay? Then, get feature name out is there, metadata is there, parameter is there. You can check out with this particular link. Even I can mention it inside the notebook itself, so that you can go through with it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so here, what I'm doing, guys, I'm going to be… mention this link. Later on, you can go through with this link. So, this is the class. Now, over here, guys, this class basically is providing a different, different method. So, fit is one of the methods. Now, what you can do, you can pass the… you can fit the data over there, okay, and then you can transform that.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, fit data means, now my class is having that data, okay? Now, my class is having that data. Now, if you're going to be called this transform, transform means what? You're going to be transform that data into what? Into the vectors. Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me, is it getting clear or not?
Sunny Savita: Fit means just fit the data, just keep the data, transform it, transform the data. You can call this method all together. If you will check out with the documentation, you will get this fitTransform over here, right? See?
Sunny Savita: Fit is there, fit is there, okay, and the transform also will be here. Now, fit transform. If you don't want to call this thing separately, you can call this thing all together.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: So, the first, example is clear.
Sunny Savita: If yes, I can give you these changes.
Sunny Savita: you can try out inside your system. So, how's the understanding so far? How we… how's the learning? Are you enjoying the session with me, guys?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so git push, I'm pushing the changes.
Sunny Savita: which kernel is required regarding whatever, whatever environment you created now, right? So…
Sunny Savita: Here only, after creating environment only, you will get a environment-specific kernel. You have to select that particular kernel, okay? Over here. Got it, Mayank?
Sunny Savita: Yes, practice is required. Correct.
Sunny Savita: So, are you learning the class? Sorry, are you learning the thing, guys? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Don't overwrite the previous example. Previous data is also there. Kushbo, you can try it out there. Okay, I haven't removed the previous data. You can check out this one.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Sunny Savita: So, can you explain the code a little bit slowly as you go through? It just a felt rushed. Devindarsi, there are so many things, na? Tora toh speed match karna palaga, right? Kesachalega kaumbata.
Sunny Savita: Little bit of speed, right?
Sunny Savita: If we are not following, like, if we are, like, not maintaining a little speed, right? So how we can complete this entire thing?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so what I will do, first, I will explain you in a little faster mode, second, I will provide you the code, and third, basically, I will do the revision of that code.
Sunny Savita: Understood? Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Got it, no?
Sunny Savita: This approach is correct, no? Okay, fine.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so let's take a break, a dinner break, quick break, and after that, again, we'll start with the session. We have so many other techniques. You'll see bag of watch example is there, then TFIDF example is also there. Okay, I kept everything so that I don't need to write anything inside the class itself.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this is the TF-IDF example.
Sunny Savita: everything we are going to understand, yeah? Great.
Sunny Savita: Now, sir, please don't give break after 10.30 already, we are ending day.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Sachin, but think about me also, right? A small break is required for me. How I can speak 5 to 6 hours continuously.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: Total break, 2 minutes, 3 minute, 5 minute.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Okay, fine. Guys, I'm putting a timer. I'll see you after this, dinner break. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so let's start, let's begin. I hope everyone is there, correct?
Sunny Savita: Please, give me quick confirmation.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, I can see in the chat, a couple of people are writing.
Sunny Savita: Who… who is this? Prabhandu Sahu. Are you… are you here in the chat?
Sunny Savita: Can you hear me?
Sunny Savita: Guys, is nothing is getting cleared in this class? Whatever coding and all we are doing, the concept and all, huh?
Sunny Savita: Very clear, no?
Sunny Savita: Absolutely clear. If… if you… if, let's suppose, if you don't know anything, right, maybe the G of the Gen AI, or maybe the M of the machine learning.
Sunny Savita: then I think it might be a disaster for you. Maybe you maybe… may not be able to link the concepts.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: But if you are here to learn the generative AI,
Sunny Savita: Right? Then I think… see, if the basics… if the basics is clear, at least you know the definition of the MLDL, and the little bit of the NLP and all. See, initially, na, initially, in every GenAI class, people feels like this.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this people, actually, whoever is writing.
Sunny Savita: Why… why basically… see, let me tell you… let me tell you this thing, first of all. Because this concept, actually, it is directly related to the machine learning.
Sunny Savita: Okay, directly…
Sunny Savita: It is having a link with a deep learning, machine learning, and all. So that's why a couple of people, actually, they won't be able to connect the dots.
Sunny Savita: If you never ever learn the machine learning, if you never ever learn about at least the single, basically concept of the ML and DL, if you haven't seen those prerequisites and all, if you haven't learned the Python, SQL on ever, then this could be the nightmare for you.
Sunny Savita: Again, I'm saying.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I can directly show you how to read the ML, how to perform the RAG and all, but what would be the advantage of that? If you're going for the Gen AI interview, then people will start from here, believe me.
Sunny Savita: Okay, people will start from the, maybe, transformer, from the encoding, embedding, and this concept is required to understand the further generative AI.
Sunny Savita: But again, I'm saying this concept is directly related to those ML, the fundamental of the NLP and all. That's why a couple of people might feel difficulty. Now, see, someone is saying this transform, transform method.
Sunny Savita: Guys, you won't believe, see, this is a very fundamental thing of the machine learning.
Sunny Savita: Since 2010, since 2015, this library exists.
Sunny Savita: And… After this class, at none of the plays, this thing is going to be used, actually.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be using the advanced GenAI-specific library, like Landshain, LandGraph, and all.
Sunny Savita: Okay, the advanced thing, the advanced library, the Gen AI-specific thing.
Sunny Savita: So this is what I'm saying, guys.
Sunny Savita: If you wanted to master this one, this thing, if you want to… if you're not able to connect the dots and all, then prerequisite is for you.
Sunny Savita: Understand that. Ask the doubt, Sunny, how to learn this, that, and all. But guys, don't do like this. I won't bear this unnecessary discussion in the group. This is the last warning. If you have anything.
Sunny Savita: directly right in… at my mail ID. Otherwise, simply, I'll block you from this group if you are going to deviate the people from here.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Okay. Because this is required. Because, see.
Sunny Savita: there is a thousand people. If 900 people are able to understand.
Sunny Savita: And the two people, which is, like, don't know anything about the ML, Gen AI, and all, or even the single word of the AI, or anything, basically, they will deviate the people, like this only. And I've seen this thing in every batch.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, I will not tolerate.
Sunny Savita: If you have anything, please write it down to me.
Sunny Savita: Believe me, guys, at any cost, at any level, I will help you out. At whatever level you are, at whatever, like, maybe you haven't started with the Gen AI ML NDL, nothing. I will help you out, this is my promise. Okay? So I'm sharing my mail ID, you can directly write to you, you can directly let me know.
Sunny Savita: Definitely will connect separately, okay?
Sunny Savita: Great, fine, thank you. So, now, I hope, guys, this one-hot encoding is clear, we have to understand.
Sunny Savita: two more methods over here. The one is going to be this, bag of worth, and the second is going to be TFIDF, okay? Then, are all the fundamental and all, everything is going to be clear, okay, about the encoding.
Sunny Savita: And we'll directly jump to the embedding side. Maybe I will show you the practical of the embedding in today's session, and then tomorrow, what we are going to do, we are going to perform… we are going to check out the mathematics and all, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, see, the next thing is going to be bag of words. So, what is the meaning of the bag of words, right? So, couple of things I've already written, so that you can understand in a more structured way. That's it. Otherwise, even I can write that. So, what is the meaning of the bag of words, guys?
Sunny Savita: So, bag of words means capturing how frequently a word used in a meaningful context, okay? If a word repeat more a sentence, bag of words assume it is more important, okay?
Sunny Savita: Let's… we'll understand this particular definition later on, right? So first, let's understand the context. What is the context behind this bag of water, right?
Sunny Savita: So, we were having the data guys.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: We are having the data. Now, this particular data, we have to convert into what? Into the…
Sunny Savita: Numbers… okay, so initially, we had some techniques that was called one-not encoding, and it's a very old technique.
Sunny Savita: Right? It is a very old technique, basically. Maybe in, like, 2012, right? In…
Sunny Savita: 2015. At that particular time, we were using this particular technique, right? Then the another technique came, just to convert this data into the numbers. The technique's called the bag of words.
Sunny Savita: Now, this particular technique, it was completely based over the counting, okay, count of the word, right?
Sunny Savita: If the Word is coming.
Sunny Savita: if the word is coming… if the word occurrence, right, if the word occurrence is high, if the word is coming many more times, right, then the importance of the word is going to be increased, right? That the importance of the word is going to be increased, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, here I've given you the complete example of the bag of words. Let's try to understand how the data was being converted
Sunny Savita: into the numbers using this bag-of-word technique, okay? So, here what I did, guys, I kept the same example. This is the sentences, right? This is the sentences. Now, this particular data, I'm going to be convert into the numbers, right? Now, why we convert this data into the numbers?
Sunny Savita: Why we do that, right? So that, later on, we can feed it to any algorithm. Algorithm is to any ML algorithm. Any ML algorithm is… I've given you the example of the nave bias
Sunny Savita: Okay? Name bias, it's a probabilistic algorithm. Or we can feed it to any deep learning algorithm. So, deep learning algorithm like RNN, LSTM, okay? RNN, LSTM, to this particular algorithm, we can feed our data. Now, why we do that?
Sunny Savita: Why we do that, guys, tell me, to solve out some problem, right? So, let's about this, the data. Now, we are going to be solving the text classification problem. So, we can do it using the name bias, as well as we can do it using this RNN LSTM also, okay?
Sunny Savita: RNN, LSTM also. So, this is the full-fledged use case. Means, we have a data, we have a data, we are going to be converts the data into the numbers, so this is called the,
Sunny Savita: takes representation of the data, okay? To convert the data into the number. This is also called the feature engineering in machine learning.
Sunny Savita: or in the deep learning specific… we have a specific term. That specific term is called the feature engineering, right? And then later on, we can feed this data to this name bias algorithm, or to this RNN LSTM algorithm. Again, this, all the things comes to the fundamental, okay? Now, we are into the Gen AI, so we are not going to be discuss this algorithmic part, right? We'll directly start from the transformer.
Sunny Savita: from our next class onwards. But apart from this, apart from this, algorithm, guys, we have several other, basically, application of this embedding and the encoding as well, okay? So once we'll enter into the RAG, at that time, basically, I will show you the application of this embedding, right? And there, we'll include some encoding technique also. We'll use some advanced encoder-like
Sunny Savita: BM25 and all, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, just focus. So, what we are doing, this is the data. Now, again, we'll have to create a vocabulary from the data. Now, what is a vocabulary, guys? Vocabulary is nothing. It is a unique word.
Sunny Savita: Okay? What is a vocabulary, guys? It is a unique word from the data. So, if you will check out with this particular data, so see, this is a unique word. Again.
Sunny Savita: And cricket, like, lot, movie, people, watch, so this is what
Sunny Savita: This is the unique words out of this data. Okay, now one question I'm going to be asked to all of you, whatever vector is going to be generated, okay, whatever vector is going to be generated out of this sentence, D1, D2, D3, D4, what is going to be a dimension of that vector? Can anyone tell me what is going to be a dimension of that particular vector?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, what is going to be a dimension of that particular vector? The dimension of that particular vector is going to be 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. The dimension of that particular vector is going to be 8, because there is
Sunny Savita: 8 words, there is 8 words inside the vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: Agree or not?
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Yes, great, perfect. Now, what we'll do, guys, we'll create a vector out of it. So, here is my vocabulary, again, and cricket, like, lot, movie, people, and watch. This is what, this is the unique words from the data, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, see, you… over here, you will find out something that we are not going to include, let's say, A.
Sunny Savita: So, A, basically, it comes under the stop words, okay? So, this A, actually, we are not going to be considered, right? So, this type of word, this A, D, generally, we remove that. Whenever we preprocess the data, right, whenever we preprocess the tags.
Sunny Savita: At that time, at the pre-processing time, basically, we are going to remove this stop words, the… right? This kind of words.
Sunny Savita: Now, again, and cricket, like, lot, movie, people, watch, so this is also called the features, actually. This vocabulary is also called the features. Now, what is the dimension? What is the dimension, guys? How many columns are… columns are there? So, in total, we have 8 columns.
Sunny Savita: Okay? In total, we have 8 column, 8 features, or 8 words, 8 unique words inside the vocabulary. So, let's convert our first document, D1, this D1, into the vector, okay?
Sunny Savita: So now tell me, guys, inside this particular sentence, how many times this again is coming? Tell me, how many times this again is coming?
Sunny Savita: only one time again is coming. Okay? So tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: Here, you can see AND. How many times this AND is coming?
Sunny Savita: Inside this particular sentence, inside the first sentence. Only one time this AND is coming. Okay, now focus, focus over here, focus this red one, okay? Now, cricket. How many times cricket is coming? Inside this sentence? Inside this sentence, how many times?
Sunny Savita: Zero time, right? Zero time, okay? So, zero is there. Now, like…
Sunny Savita: Inside the sentence, how many times, like, Zero.
Sunny Savita: Lot, tell me lot.
Sunny Savita: Zero. Movie?
Sunny Savita: How many times movie?
Sunny Savita: One time?
Sunny Savita: And… 2 time.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So tell me, guys, This one. Pupil, how many times it's coming. Pupil.
Sunny Savita: Pupil.
Sunny Savita: Only one time. Watch, this watch, how many times it's coming?
Sunny Savita: Watch is coming.
Sunny Savita: two times. Okay, so what we are doing over here…
Sunny Savita: what we are doing over here, we are going to be… so what we are doing over here, guys, tell me, we are just going to be write occurrence
Sunny Savita: Occurin's… Off… Words.
Sunny Savita: Is it making clear or not? Tell me to all of you. So this is what, guys, tell me this is.
Sunny Savita: Bag of words.
Sunny Savita: This is what? This is? Bag of words. How to build this vocabulary set initially, you no need to do from your end, if you're going to be using any sort of a library.
Sunny Savita: you will get that logic inside of those libraries. Like, we have used One Hot Encoder now, so inside the OneHot encoder, this logic was available. We just need to provide the data to those library, to those specific method. Automatically, the vocabulary will be created. Got it, Shankar?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Got it? OneNote only cares about the appearance, where bag of words cares about the appearance and occurrence, correct? It, it, basically depends on the occurrence, okay? It care about the occurrence, occurrence of the data.
Sunny Savita: what is the output if the same word repeating in one? It will be always one, okay? If we have this kind of sentence, let's say we're talking about the one-hot encoding.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, if I'm going to be right like this.
Sunny Savita: See, what is my sentence? This one. People watch cricket, then watch again is coming.
Sunny Savita: Now, tell me, watch is coming twice over here. Inside this particular sentence, watch is coming twice. Inside this sentence, watch is coming twice, yes or no, right? Now, over here, again, guys, see, if we are going to be create a one-hot encoded vector, it's going to be same.
Sunny Savita: So, he or see. People… Watch like movie cricket. This is my vocabulary. Now, this is my
Sunny Savita: D1, guys. Okay, this is my D1. Now, what I will do, I cannot write it like this, 2.
Sunny Savita: I cannot write it like this, too. It is going to be wrong.
Sunny Savita: Wrong means wrong. You cannot represent it like this.
Sunny Savita: Making sense? Tell me yes or no. It is a wrong thing. It will only come once.
Sunny Savita: Okay, if it will only come once means, here you can see this… let me explain you in a better way, just a second.
Sunny Savita: I can explain in a better way. Okay, wait.
Sunny Savita: Wait, guys, so let me remove this also, so that you can get a clear-cut understanding.
Sunny Savita: This is my sentence.
Sunny Savita: Pupil… watch…
Sunny Savita: Cricket.
Sunny Savita: pupil.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this is what?
Sunny Savita: This is going to be my sentence, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, I have to convert this particular sentence in one hot encoded vector.
Sunny Savita: And I have to convert into the bag of words.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I will do, guys, first I'll create a vocabulary. So, in vocabulary, how many words would be there?
Sunny Savita: How many watts would be there? 3 watts would be there, right? So the first one is going to be people.
Sunny Savita: The second is going to be watch.
Sunny Savita: And the third is going to be… Cricket.
Sunny Savita: Understood. Now, if I'm going to create one hot encoded vector, now see.
Sunny Savita: one out and go to the vector of this vec… this particular sentence. So, people is coming, yes, people is coming.
Sunny Savita: Watch is coming. Yes, watch is coming.
Sunny Savita: Cricket is coming? Yes, cricket is coming. Now.
Sunny Savita: This is close. So this is a one-hot encoded vector.
Sunny Savita: dock-level representation of the 1-0 encoded vector. If I'm going to be create bag of words, so pupil is coming how many times?
Sunny Savita: two times. Watch.
Sunny Savita: 1, cricket, one.
Sunny Savita: So this is… Bag-overte representation.
Sunny Savita: Now clear, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Yes, I think.
Sunny Savita: This is going to be clear now. Understood?
Sunny Savita: Okay? Great. Fine. So, what I'm doing, guys, let me show you one more example. I hope, guys, this is clear, this bag of word is clear. Let me give you one more level of explanation over here. So, here is what? Here is my D2. Okay, now focus over the D2.
Sunny Savita: People watch cricket and watch cricket. Okay, now see, this is my D2. So, over here, inside the D2, just a second… So, inside the D2, guys, now tell me, see, again is coming, again is coming? No. Again is not coming.
Sunny Savita: And is coming.
Sunny Savita: Yes, and it's coming only once, okay? Here you can see one.
Sunny Savita: Cricket is coming, yes. Cricket is coming, twice. Right? Now, over here, like is coming, like is not coming. Lot is coming, no. Lot is not coming. Movie is coming? No. Movie is not coming. Pupil? Yes. One time, watch, two times.
Sunny Savita: Understood? Yes or no? Now, over here, I've written one statement also, just read it out, this statement. Bag of words is simple and powerful counting words, but it fails to understand meaning, order, and context. So, is this sentence correct or not?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no. So here, we are going to be count the occurrence of the word, we are going to be count the occurrence of the word, we are going to be check the frequency of the word.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we are going to be check the frequency of the word, but guys.
Sunny Savita: meaning, order, context, I think that's not going to be sustained.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so if we wanted to show the first sentence, right? If we wanted to show the first sentence into the vector, so how we can do that? Let me show you. This is the first sentence, okay? So D1.
Sunny Savita: How I can do that, how I can represent the vector? See, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, Boo…
Sunny Savita: Right? 2… 1… 2.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, over here, D2, guys, what's going to be at D2? So, 0, 1, 2,
Sunny Savita: 0, 0, 0, 1, and 2. This is my D2.
Sunny Savita: Right? So this is a vector. Now, can you even tell me what is the dimension of this vector? What is the dimension of this vector? The dimension of this vector is going to be 1…
Sunny Savita: 1 cross 8. Now, here also, 1 cross 8.
Sunny Savita: So, are we able to convert our data into the numbers
Sunny Savita: Yes or no, yes, we are able to convert.
Sunny Savita: But guys, is this number is going to be sustained any sort of a context.
Sunny Savita: No, right? No, it's not going to be, sustained any sort of a context, okay? That, that we'll see later on, how we can do that.
Sunny Savita: Clear, so we'll come to the pros and cons, I returned some pros and cons, but before that, let's look into the practical.
Sunny Savita: Let me look in the committee chat also, if someone is pinging over there,
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. So… I hope, guys, this is going well.
Sunny Savita: Perfect. If you have any sort of a doubt, guys, you can write in the chat. I think Divish is there in the back end, he's looking over there. If you have any sort of a doubt, you can ask to me in a doubt session.
Sunny Savita: Out of vocabulary, I will come to that, okay? This is the drawback inside the bag of word as well, so definitely will come over there, okay?
Sunny Savita: No.
Sunny Savita: Okay, perfect. So what I'm doing, guys, so here is the, practical, okay? So I'm going to be performing the practical inside the notebook itself. So, please open the notebook if you're writing a code along with me, but again, I would advise you, don't write the code. I will provide you the entire code you can run after the session, okay? This would be the best practice.
Sunny Savita: So, for Bag of Word.
Sunny Savita: I will come to the… I will come to the pros and cons of it. First, let me perform the practical.
Sunny Savita: So we're talking about the bag of word, okay? Let me write over here, bag of words.
Sunny Savita: Not here.
Sunny Savita: Let me import the statement, okay? So, similar to the one-hot encoder, right? So, bag of… for bag of what also, we have one, class, right? The class name is what? The class name is the counter vectorizer. So, I can write over here as skill load.
Sunny Savita: dot.
Sunny Savita: feature extraction, okay, dot tags, and then count vectorizer. So, what is this count vectorizer, guys? This count vectorizer, actually, it is a class, right, which will help us to convert our data into the bag of warts. Getting my point?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Now, we're talking about the stop word and all, so that comes under the, text pre-processing, okay? So, for that, what you can do, Kishore, over here it is not required, because, nowadays, LLM are quite powerful, so, we can give the data without the text pre-processing, without removing the stop word also.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? So, that's why I didn't teach you this,
Sunny Savita: tax preprocessing part and all, okay? But if still you wanted to learn, you can check out the prerequisite and all, or else, just, go and check with one single library, that is NLTK, okay? There you will find out the… a different, different other type of technique to remove the stop words and all.
Sunny Savita: Understood? But over here, I'm taking such example where those cleaning and all, it is not required, so you can avoid that part as of now.
Sunny Savita: Right? Great. Now, over here, what I'm doing, guys, so SQLN feature extraction, text, and count vectorizer is there. So, let me import it, and here is what? Here is the same data, okay? I'm going to be keep the same data over here.
Sunny Savita: This is the data, guys. So, in the first, there's the first sentence, second sentence, third sentence, and the fourth sentence. Now, what is my aim over here? My aim over here to convert
Sunny Savita: convert data to… convert data into the numbers, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now, what I will do, guys, so over here, I will create an object of this count vectorizer. So, if you wanted to know more about this particular class, the count vectorizer, so I can, show you how you will get to know about it.
Sunny Savita: You just need to copy, you just need to copy this import statement.
Sunny Savita: and open your Google, okay? Now, over here, just paste it, this, statement. You will automatically get the documentation.
Sunny Savita: So just open this documentation, okay, and now check out over here, this count vectorizer class.
Sunny Savita: Now, what it is doing, it's going to be convert a collection of text document to a metrics of token counts.
Sunny Savita: Okay? This implementation produce a sparse representation of the count, okay, using what? Scipy sparse co-metrics. Some backend metrics is working in… some metrics is working in a backend.
Sunny Savita: If you do not provide a prior dictionary, and you do not use an analyzer, okay, that does some kind of feature selection, then the number of feature will be equal to the vocabulary size.
Sunny Savita: means the number of features, the vocabulary, basically, it would be on the same size, right? And then, it's going to be convert the data into the vector.
Sunny Savita: So, this is all the parameter, guys. You can check out over here. This is all the parameter which they have provided to us.
Sunny Savita: Now, apart from that, you can see all the method, which is there inside this particular class, okay? Build analyzer, build preprocessor, build tokenizer, Decode, FIT, FitTransform, okay? Then, get a feature name.
Sunny Savita: get parameter, getStop Word, inverse transformed, set parameter, transform, right? Now, till some extent, this library is also going to be, deal with the stop word and all, so this is mentioned over here.
Sunny Savita: As you can see, right? Now, apart from this one, see this fit method, fit, and this fitTransform method, okay, this transform method, this is an important one. You can read out the definition of it, so all the definition and all have been mentioned over here.
Sunny Savita: And how to use that, so this is the complete detail of it. So, I'm mentioning this HTML phase.
Sunny Savita: Oh… just a second.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, I mentioned this HTML page over inside the notebook itself. You can go through over here. Now, this is my document, guys. What I will do, I'll create an object of this count vectorizer, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, let me do it. I can… Open the code shell.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now after that, what I will do… I will.
Sunny Savita: Could transform my data, right?
Sunny Savita: Either I can call fit or transform separately, or I can call fitTransform all together. Fit means I'm fitting the data, I'm giving the data to the class. Transform means it is applying that logic, okay? So, I'm… what I'm doing, guys.
Sunny Savita: I'm calling this fitTransform altogether. So I am writing over here fit underscore transform, and then I'm passing my data over here. So this is my data, this is my sentences, this is my document.
Sunny Savita: Now, what I'll do, guys, I will… Run it, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, here what I will get, I will be getting the BOW metrics.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, if I will check this matrix, so I can check it over here, I can simply call this TOAA on top of it. If you're going to be checked it directly.
Sunny Savita: So, you will get something like this, see, this is the object, so you will have to call this toArray on top of it. So, if you will call this toArray, on top of it, see, here is what? Here is the metrics. The bag of words matrix.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you, how to get the metrics.
Sunny Savita: And it is a representation of this, each sentence, this one.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? Is it clear to all of you? Oh, very basic example, very simple also. I think you can do it. Now, if you want to check out the vocabulary, guys, so for that, you can simply call one method on top of it.
Sunny Savita: So, what you can do, you can call this BOW.get, Features name out.
Sunny Savita: Now, once you will call it, guys, so here you will get the vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Now, once you will write in a print statement, so it will be clearly visible to all of you, this is the vocabulary. So let me keep the vocabulary over here. Let me write the print statement over here. It is there inside my notepad, okay? So I'm just going to be… print now.
Sunny Savita: Okay? See, this is the vocabulary. And again, again, and cricket, like lot movie people watch.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? Now, let me explain you about this fit and transform, if you have a little confusion.
Sunny Savita: So, whenever we talk about the SKIL learn, guys, okay, as skill loan.
Sunny Savita: So, this sklearn library, what is the full form of this sklearn? Can anyone tell me?
Sunny Savita: scikit.
Sunny Savita: loan.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: This library is specifically designed for the
Sunny Savita: machine learning.
Sunny Savita: Right? So whatever model training is there, Model training. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Whatever feature engineering is there, Right?
Sunny Savita: So all this model training, feature engineering, even evaluation and all.
Sunny Savita: evaluation of the ML model, actually, so we can do using the scikit-learn. Now, inside the scikit-learn, right, whatever class you will find out.
Sunny Savita: In every class, this fit and transform is very important method.
Sunny Savita: Fit?
Sunny Savita: and transform. Okay.
Sunny Savita: This fit and transform.
Sunny Savita: Now, what is the meaning of it? What is the meaning of this fit and transform? This one.
Sunny Savita: So, let's understand now. Fitting means, let's say, You have a data.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: You have a data.
Sunny Savita: You provided the data.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you provide it to the data, to the club, means, what you have done, you have a data, right? You did some pre-processing and all on top of it, whatever pre-processing was required, okay? Some, intermediate preprocessing and all, so I'm writing over here, pre-processing.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: And you provided that data to the fit method, okay? To the fit method. So here is what, guys? Here is the fit method, this one. Now, what this fit is doing? FIT is just keeping that data, okay? Fit is just keeping that data, right? It is not doing anything, it is just keeping that data.
Sunny Savita: Okay? It took that data. Means, it's going to be, maybe in the backend, it's going to be assigned to some variable.
Sunny Savita: or it's going to be validate the data. Maybe in the backend, it's going to be validate the data using some data class, okay? There is a possibility. The scikit-learn, actually, it's an open source library.
Sunny Savita: The code is available of the scikit-learn over the GitHub.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Over the GitHub.
Sunny Savita: You can check out the functionality of it, you can check out their complete source code, Light Cloud.
Sunny Savita: Okay, like cloud. So, the entire source code is available over the GitHub regarding this scikit-learn.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point? So FIT is just keeping that data.
Sunny Savita: Fit is just keeping the data. Transform, as the name is saying, transform, means it is applying some logic, some transform logic on top of it.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Tell me. Yes or no? Is it getting clear or not? So, this step, basically, is for the validation.
Sunny Savita: This step is just for the validation, okay? And this transform, basically, the logic is… the actual logic is being applied. We are not getting it because it is an abstract for us.
Sunny Savita: It is a abstract for us. Abstract means what?
Sunny Savita: abstract means?
Sunny Savita: Someone written it?
Sunny Savita: Someone?
Sunny Savita: Return that code.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: someone return that code. We are just using that, right? We are just using that. So how we can get a better understanding about it?
Sunny Savita: You just have to visit their page, okay, this particular page, just read out about it. Read out about all the method and all. See, learn a vocabulary dictionary of all tokens in a raw document. So what FIT is doing over here, it's learning all the vocabulary. It's doing the data validation. It's taking a data, it's keeping to that, it's…
Sunny Savita: into the vocabulary stage. Transformation, basically, it's converting the data into the metrics, the transform.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, guys? Yes or no? Is it clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Right? So, fit, basically, on a broader level, on a high level, you can say fit what it is doing. It is preparing your data, it is validating our data, okay? Or it is keeping the data for the
Sunny Savita: transformation.
Sunny Savita: Making sense?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: And they have given one, all-combined method. Everything will be happening in a single call.
Sunny Savita: So, I hope, guys, this is clear. Now, let's do one thing. Let's see the… You can check… you can pass any sort of a… you can pass any sort of a document, and you will get the, basically…
Sunny Savita: what you will get, guys. You will get the… Just a second.
Sunny Savita: let me write in a different one. So here I can write the different sentence, okay? You can get the one not encoded meaning of that. So here, let's say if I'm going to be write the sentence, my sentence is going to be…
Sunny Savita: Sunny… okay, let's talk about someone else. Let's say, let's talk about the Divesh, okay? Divaish is a good…
Sunny Savita: mentor. He teaches… Teaches us very well.
Sunny Savita: he teach… T-E-H-T-H the project, okay.
Sunny Savita: the projects. Now, guys, let's do one thing. Let's see whether we can convert this particular data into the backupwards or not. So, what I'm doing, guys, I'm just going to be keep the document over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let me, like, run it, and yes, I will give you this data, don't worry.
Sunny Savita: This entire code and all. Now, here is my biometrics. Now, if I'm going to be converting the IRS, this is the bag of words representation.
Sunny Savita: Got it? It's easy.
Sunny Savita: Understood or not?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so, giving you this entire code so that you can…
Sunny Savita: Run it inside your system, guys. Just a sec.
Sunny Savita: Guys, I'm giving you this link, this GitHub link, so that you can…
Sunny Savita: take the entire code. I'm giving you one minute of time until please check it out. Check that out, okay?
Sunny Savita: Yes. Bo, bag of words allows numbers. Correct. SP, your understanding is correct.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, can we take a quick water break? One minute of water break, so until you can check out the code.
Sunny Savita: And after that, I will come to the, other theoretical point, okay? We'll discuss pros and cons, and then we'll discuss about the TF IDF, and then, we'll close this session, okay? Tomorrow, specifically, I will talk about the embedding.
Sunny Savita: And then, basically, we'll, Go for the next topic, okay?
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: The logic is there, no? Actually, in backend, the logic is there.
Sunny Savita: We're just going to be using the inbuilt classes. Got it, Ramon?
Sunny Savita: Yes, one auto-encoded, basically, we can represent in a two-way puja. If you will check out with the handwritten notes now, there I clearly mention.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So, according to that, I discussed about the dimension.
Sunny Savita: Now, in whatever way the bag of words… using the bag of words, we can create a vector. I discussed the dimension.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Just check out over there. Check out the notes, you will get that.
Sunny Savita: Why don't we perform all the steps that we do while implementing? Because the code is different.
Sunny Savita: The method, the code, and all, everything is different. So, in a different… the class is different, okay?
Sunny Savita: That's why. Not same.
Sunny Savita: Just pull the code, guys, right? Git pull command, you will get the entire code.
Sunny Savita: Guys, pace and all, everything is good now, correct?
Sunny Savita: And guys, see, if you are having any issue, means, let's say you are a completely beginner, if you're not able to connect this topic, maybe with your GenAI learning, okay, with your previous learning and all, let me know. I will help you in my best and possible way.
Sunny Savita: Right? But guys, please, don't spoil the group, don't spoil the classes and all at all, because I will not tolerate this at any cost. Just discuss with me directly, guys. I will help you out at any cost. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Yes, Danish, I'll come to the real-world example also, don't worry.
Sunny Savita: That's why I designed that, entire assignment now. I'll come to that.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Guys, one minute of quick water break, and after that, we'll start with the session.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so everyone is there, can we start again now? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Perfect.
Sunny Savita: So I think, this part was remaining pros and cons. Let's, discuss about it.
Sunny Savita: So what could be the…
Sunny Savita: pros and cons of this bag of words. Pros, I think, it's very easy to understand.
Sunny Savita: It is easy to implement.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Very simple logic. We are just going to be count the occurrence of the word.
Sunny Savita: No complex mathematics. Agree or not?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, guys, I will take more 15 minutes.
Sunny Savita: And, after that, Oli, I will conclude the session.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: No.
Sunny Savita: Then Wegovot's metrics will have 2, as value is any… Pro.
Sunny Savita: Sorry, I didn't get it, Bijay, you can ask me in a doubt session, okay?
Sunny Savita: Now here, what we are doing, we are going to be capture the word frequency, sorry, word frequency, shows how often a word appears, more occurrence, higher importance.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's say if I'm going to be right over here, AI?
Sunny Savita: is A.
Sunny Savita: future of world.
Sunny Savita: AI?
Sunny Savita: is… important.
Sunny Savita: So, whatever vector we are going to be create.
Sunny Savita: So, will it provide the importance to this AI world over there? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Will it provide the importance to this AI world over there? Yes.
Sunny Savita: Why?
Sunny Savita: Because the occurrence is high.
Sunny Savita: Because…
Sunny Savita: the occurrence of this AI word is high, okay? Now, here the next one is, work well before embedding for classical NLP tasks.
Sunny Savita: You know, we had the classical NLP tasks, like text classification, okay, in the text classification, the spam detection, the sentiment analysis was to application.
Sunny Savita: Right? We are having the other also, right? Other, different tasks.
Sunny Savita: like, tag summarization, or basically, the NER, okay, POS tagging, NER, name entity recognition. So, before embedding era, right, before embedding era, again in 2000, maybe 14, 2015, right?
Sunny Savita: It is an old technique, actually, 2015-16. So this was working well. This was working for the… Classical.
Sunny Savita: NLP task.
Sunny Savita: classical NLP task.
Sunny Savita: which we are… which we were going to be sol… in ML, actually, which we were going to solve using the name bias.
Sunny Savita: Okay? In deep learning, we are going to be solved using the RNN and the LSTN.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you? Tell me yes or no. If it is clear, you can let me know, guys. I will.
Sunny Savita: Go ahead, okay? Here the training is not required direct conversion from text to number. So, this is, again, one of the advantages. We can say this is just the advantage. Now, the cons is very much important. If someone, is going to be asked you, so they will ask, they will more focus over these cons.
Sunny Savita: Cons is also called the disadvantage, basically.
Sunny Savita: So let's, discuss about this disadvantage. What was the disadvantage? The first is basically ignore words order, okay? Sentence meaning can change, but bag of words will remain the same. Means the bag of words, the vector, basically, it's not going to be changed.
Sunny Savita: This is the example. Now, the example is very interesting, see?
Sunny Savita: Dog bites mane, and men bites dog.
Sunny Savita: Let's create a bag of words of it.
Sunny Savita: Beg of words vector of it.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Guys, tell me the vocabulary over here. What is going to be a vocabulary? In the vocabulary, the first one is going to be…
Sunny Savita: Dog.
Sunny Savita: The second is what?
Sunny Savita: bite.
Sunny Savita: The third is what?
Sunny Savita: Men.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, if we are going to be create a vector, we are going to be create a vector of this.
Sunny Savita: dog, bite, man, just a second, guys. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So, we are going to create a vector of this first, sentence, right, this one.
Sunny Savita: This one.
Sunny Savita: So what is going to be a vector? 1, 1, 1.
Sunny Savita: Now, for the second one, for this one.
Sunny Savita: 1, 1, 1. Any difference?
Sunny Savita: Any difference?
Sunny Savita: No, right?
Sunny Savita: So for NLP, everything is same.
Sunny Savita: Huh, for vocabulary bytes dog, man, write curve means you can arrange alphabetically also, not in very much issue, right?
Sunny Savita: Alphabetically also, you can, arrange it, okay? So, it's up to you.
Sunny Savita: The code is giving me, code is giving us, basically, that kind of vocabulary, alphabetically, right?
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, the next one is going to be what? No semantic understanding.
Sunny Savita: So, here, similar words are treated completely different. Let's say if I'm saying, like versus love, okay? No relation capture.
Sunny Savita: Means, there is no semantic meaning, so we are not going to be capture any, word-level meaning.
Sunny Savita: Okay, word-level meaning over here. So, this is the biggest drawback of it. Then, over here, high dimensionality is again problem. What is a high dimensionality, guys? If the vocabulary size is going to be increased, right, let's say my vocabulary size is 50,000,
Sunny Savita: Tell me the dimension of the vector. The dimension of the vector is going to be what? 50,000.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Which is, again, a problem over here.
Sunny Savita: It's sparse representation of the data.
Sunny Savita: most of the value, again, could be the zero. See, again, this bag of words is the…
Sunny Savita: It's parts one.
Sunny Savita: Okay? It is not a dense vector.
Sunny Savita: It is a sparse vector only.
Sunny Savita: Right? So again, this is a problem. Now, we have one more problem, auto-vocabulary. Guys, how many of you understand about this? Auto-vocabulary? Can't even tell me? Can you tell me, if you didn't understand, I will give… I will explain you with one more example.
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: 5… 50,000, no, this is 50,000, Sargi, 50,000.
Sunny Savita: Vocabulary size is 50,000, okay? Happy now.
Sunny Savita: Not 5,000, you know?
Sunny Savita: So, what is the meaning of the out of vocabulary? Out of vocabulary means the word, basically, which is not there inside the vocabulary, right? So, let's write… let's take this example only, right? This one. So, from the previous example, what was my vocabulary?
Sunny Savita: byte.
Sunny Savita: dog.
Sunny Savita: Men.
Sunny Savita: Was this my vocabulary from the previous example?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Vocabulary is nothing, it is just, unique words.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, let's say the sentence is coming, the new sentence is coming.
Sunny Savita: In the sentence, I'm saying, what I can say.
Sunny Savita: Loyen.
Sunny Savita: byte.
Sunny Savita: Men.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point. Now, tell me, guys, this loian is present over here, inside this particular vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: No, it is.
Sunny Savita: not present. So this is called the problem, the auto-vocabulary problem.
Sunny Savita: So how I will compensate this value? I will have to compensate with a 0. So if I'm going to be convert this as a vector, so here what I will do, login 0, always it will be 0, byte.
Sunny Savita: 1. Men. 1.
Sunny Savita: So, loin is what? Zero.
Sunny Savita: Under… guys, yes or no, tell me.
Sunny Savita: Is it out of vocabulary problem? Let's say the new sentence is coming, okay?
Sunny Savita: let's say, I… see, I have a data. Based on the data, basically, I created a vocabulary, this is my vocabulary.
Sunny Savita: Right? Now, behalf on this vocabulary, if I'm going to create any bag of words.
Sunny Savita: regarding any sort of a sentence, if the word, actually, if the word is not presented into that vocabulary, I will have to compensate it with a zero now.
Sunny Savita: So, this is called out-of-vocabulary problem.
Sunny Savita: Understood, guys? Now, here is one more cause. Just focus over here. This is going to be very important, again.
Sunny Savita: See this one.
Sunny Savita: over… overemphasizing frequent words. Let's say my… let's say my example is like this. Movie, movie, movie.
Sunny Savita: Right? So, this is my sentence, this is my sentence.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this is my sentence. Now, over here, guys, tell me, movie is coming how many times? Three times. But do we have any meaning of this sentence?
Sunny Savita: Do we have any meaning of this sentence?
Sunny Savita: No meaning, no. What is the meaning of this sentence?
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Let's say if I'm going to be create a vector of this particular sentence, definitely there will be 3 somewhere, which is going to be represented to this particular sentence, this one. But guys, what is a… what is a, like, importance of it? What is the meaning of this sentence?
Sunny Savita: No, right?
Sunny Savita: then everything will be zero Krishna, right? If all the words are out of vocabulary, everything would be zero in that case. The vector would be zero.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: How and why do you ingest new words which are not in a vocabulary, which cause our hands is an example from Loyen Combs? Yes, it might come na, Rahul J. Understand that.
Sunny Savita: Please, see, let me explain you that.
Sunny Savita: Here, CRC, this one. This is the, just a second, what I can do, I can explain you over here.
Sunny Savita: So, this is my data, this is my document.
Sunny Savita: Okay, which I fit to this BOW.
Sunny Savita: Right? Now, over here, to this BO… see, this… this one. This is my BOW, okay? Now, this is the document, basically, which I'm going to be fit.
Sunny Savita: If to this BOW, to this BOW, if I'm giving any such sentence for the transformation, which is not there into the vocabulary, so it will represent as a zero na.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, what I'm trying to say here?
Sunny Savita: See, I have used fit transform altogether. Just think over here, see.
Sunny Savita: I have FIT, B-O-W,
Sunny Savita: And here I am calling fit. Now, here I provided a document. Okay, this is my document.
Sunny Savita: Now, I'm going to be transformed my…
Sunny Savita: sentence, okay? I'm going to be called this transform. Let me call this transform.
Sunny Savita: What I'm doing, guys, I'm calling this transform, and I will be getting my… I will be getting what? I will be getting my array, okay? Understood. Till here, everything is fine. Tell me yes or no. I think, Rahul, who was asking this question? Rahul, right? Tell me. Yes? Now, think, over here, if I'm giving a document.
Sunny Savita: like this.
Sunny Savita: My document is going to be what? My document is going to be… Loyen…
Sunny Savita: what I can write. I can write anything, right?
Sunny Savita: So, loin is the king of the jungle. Now, tell me, this sentence, this sentence, okay, if I'm passing this particular sentence to this bow now, P-O-W dot transform, okay, to this transform, if I'm passing this particular sentence.
Sunny Savita: Here, I'm writing this one, document.
Sunny Savita: Right? So tell me, this particular sentence is matching with this document, this vocabulary, this particular vocabulary?
Sunny Savita: This particular vocabulary? This sentence is matching with this particular vocabulary? No, it's not matching. So this is a out of
Sunny Savita: vocabulary problem. Means, all the words from here, all the words from here is going to be zero.
Sunny Savita: Right? If I have to update, see, if I have to update it, I will have to update the vocabulary. Again, I will have to call the fit over here, this fit.
Sunny Savita: With this particular data, then only I can transform.
Sunny Savita: Making sense to all of you.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Is it getting clear to all of you, yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Got it? Great.
Sunny Savita: Now, let's understand the next method, guys.
Sunny Savita: Which is going to be this TFIDF. So, guys, should I cover it right now? This TFIDF?
Sunny Savita: I think we can do it, right?
Sunny Savita: So… okay.
Sunny Savita: I will take, 5 more minutes, or I think it is important. Guys, this and, embedding method, can I… can we do in the next class? I see this… we have 3 slides, a small one only, very… not very huge, basically. Easily, we can understand it. A couple of, like, logical things there, okay?
Sunny Savita: And, now after that, guys, we'll move to the Virtube pack.
Sunny Savita: Ward 2 back.
Sunny Savita: And after that, guys, we'll see the SOTA model. I'm not going to discuss the in-detail mathematics of it, because I will discuss the transformer.
Sunny Savita: So, automatically, it will be covered over there. But yeah, we'll understand the mechanism of it, and then we'll go for the…
Sunny Savita: practical effort.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So, initially, we are going a little slow. I'm emphasizing on some topics and all, right? So that you can be, like, in a pace with me, and you can understand my teaching style and all everything. But yeah, guys, so tomorrow, we are going to be complete this topic. I think till we're two back, we can complete it.
Sunny Savita: And after that, guys, we'll come to the transformer, okay? And then, guys, we'll deep dive into the core module of the Gen AI, which is going to be what? Which is going to be the API calling and the fine-tuning, okay? First, we'll understand about the certain LLMs.
Sunny Savita: What all LLMs are there, we'll see the comprehensive list of that, and then we'll deep dive into the fine-tuning and the API, okay? From here, the actual generative AI is going to be start. This is, this is, like, some interview perspective from some, basically, for some interview perspective.
Sunny Savita: And, for the theoretical perspective, basically, I'm teaching you this particular topic, okay? Because later on also, you will find out the use of this particular topic, some application of this particular topic. But the actual Gen AI, it's going to be start from here. That's going to be a Module 3, guys.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Great. Yes, teaching also MCP.
Sunny Savita: Now, what is going to be assignment, guys? So, assignment, I will discuss in the next class, because TF IDF is important, and after that, guys, I will, discuss this assignment, okay? So, I kept this assignment for all of you. Maybe the next class, after discussing the TF-IDF, I'll go through.
Sunny Savita: Got it? So, how was the session? Did you like it?
Sunny Savita: Tell me yes or no.
Sunny Savita: How much would like to rate?
Sunny Savita: 10 of 10? Okay, great. So, guys, yeah, perfect.
Sunny Savita: Thank you very much. See, I tried my best, and I'm trying my best to give you each and every notes and all everything, guys.
Sunny Savita: And, believe me, it's going to be very useful for you.
Sunny Savita: So, I think, you will not get, more than this one in any of the live classes. Believe me, guys, okay? Just learn anywhere, everywhere, from anyone.
Sunny Savita: Okay? No one can teach you more than this one, because the topic is not more than this, actually, right?
Sunny Savita: Great.
Sunny Savita: Yes, assignment would be the top notch, and I will make sure that I'm going to be at the real-time flavor over there.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: Assignment is all about this embedding warranty.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So guys, tomorrow we'll, cover in a little fast pace, okay? All this, practical and all. So be ready with today's, code and all everything.
Sunny Savita: And today, guys, at least my aim to cover till embedding, right? So that we can move to the sentence embedding, and the other kind of practical stuff and all.
Sunny Savita: Right? Great.
Sunny Savita: Fine, so let's close the session. I don't want to, like, extend now. If you don't have any doubt, guys, you can drop the session. Thank you very much for joining it. If you have doubt, be here. I'll be taking a doubt session, okay?
Sunny Savita: So, I'm giving you all the latest notes and all everything, so let me keep it over here inside the GitHub only. Just a second. So, encoding…
Sunny Savita: Coding, handwritten.
Sunny Savita: notes, okay?
Sunny Savita: 4th April.
Sunny Savita: And, let me post the latest changes also, so that you can get it.
Sunny Savita: So, just a second, guys, I am giving you that. So, git add dot… Git.
Sunny Savita: Commit iPhone M, Code updated.
Sunny Savita: Git. Push.
Sunny Savita: Fine, so I hope you got it. Let me delete this file, it is not at all required now.
Sunny Savita: Yo.
Sunny Savita: So what is the name of this node? Scribbling.
Sunny Savita: Great, fine, thank you guys, thank you very much. I'll discuss the cloud integration and all everything in the upcoming session, I'll discuss that, right?
Sunny Savita: And please, guys, it's a request if you have any trouble, anything, anything, basically, if you're not able to connect, whatever, at least write to me once.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Write me on my mail ID, definitely, guys, I'll help you. Okay? But please, don't spoil, the classes, groups, and all. It's a…
Sunny Savita: Request to all of you, okay, request to all of you, see what I can do, means I can just tell you, okay, so, yeah, I'm doing that. If you have any sort of a doubt, anything, just come to me directly, I'll help you out in that case.
Sunny Savita: Yep.
Sunny Savita: And guys, if you're thinking, then when we will enter into the core generative AI, so from Module 3, we are going to be enter over there, and believe me, guys, after that, everything would be the generative AI, okay? Everything.
Sunny Savita: API, RAG, agents, and guys, I will teach you in that way, those RAG agents, MCP, and all, everything, guys. You never ever learn, okay, all those concepts, and believe me, you won't face any issues, okay, while you are going to create an end-to-end application, doing a live coding and all.
Sunny Savita: Everything you will get it, guys, is smoothly.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Oh, definitely, by langchin to cover karingi, no, right? Without langchin, kise hoga, kise banana hoge application, jani aye.
Sunny Savita: How you will create that.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, fast APIB.
Sunny Savita: Fast API will not be a supporting application.
Sunny Savita: Fine, thank you guys. Bye-bye, take care. I'll see you in the next class. If you have any doubt, be there. Don't drop. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: I'll put a timer for 5 minutes, then I will, again, discuss the doubt and all. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, so let's start with the doubt session. Just give me a moment. Wait.
Sunny Savita: Can you hear me, everyone? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Why I'm not able to unmute?
Sunny Savita: Just a second.
Sunny Savita: Guys, can you give me a moment? I'm checking, I think I'm not able to unmute.
Sunny Savita: Guys, just give me 2 more minutes, I think I'm having some issue with the Zoom.
Sunny Savita: Okay, joining in 2 minutes again, wait.
Sunny: John.
Sunny: Okay, guys, now I think we can start, I think everything is sorted. So, Abhishek, please go ahead with your doubt. Abhishek, Amar, anyone is there.
Abhishek Kumar: Yeah, hi, Sunny. I'm audio.
Sunny: Yeah, you are audible. Please go ahead.
Abhishek Kumar: Yeah, Sunny, so, is there a…
Sunny: Yeah, I can hear you, please quartz.
Abhishek Kumar: Yeah, so, my first question was with regards to where exactly to ask questions, because I see that,
Abhishek Kumar: Some people are posting their questions on the platform itself.
Abhishek Kumar: And there are two options, again, on the Zoom. One is Q&A section, and…
Abhishek Kumar: One is webinar chat option also there.
Abhishek Kumar: So, I had been posting my questions on both the Windows Q&A and the webinar chat.
Abhishek Kumar: But, most of them were unanswered.
Abhishek Kumar: So…
Sunny: No worries, no worries. See, if any of the… none of the question was answered, don't worry, just ask in a live doubt session. Okay? Because here, the question will be guarantee answered, but in chat and all, I cannot give you the guarantee, because, see.
Sunny: The live class, I usually check the chats… sorry, I, like, not check the chats, okay? Generally, I just take some random questions from there. So, yeah, most of the questions basically are getting missed, right? Even though the back-end mentor are there, so maybe they are not able to reply for all the 100% questions.
Sunny: So what I'm assuming that, yeah, most of the question will be, like, we will not be able to answer, right, over there. So better, ask after the doubt session. Sorry, after the live class. Just raise your hand, and I will, like, pick your doubt. You can ask over here itself. Got it?
Abhishek Kumar: Got it. So, but primarily, the place would be Q&A option of the Zoom meeting, right?
Sunny: Sorry?
Abhishek Kumar: The primary…
Sunny: In the chat, in the chat box, not Q&A, chat.
Abhishek Kumar: Okay, okay, fine. So, I'll go ahead with my questions. So…
Abhishek Kumar: Like, today we went through a couple of, encoding algorithms.
Abhishek Kumar: So, first question was with regards to what is the practical application of these encoding algorithms. They are primarily to compare multiple documents, whether or not they are similar in nature.
Sunny: We can do that for that means we can use, in the document comparison, we can use this encoding emitting technique for the pre-processing, right?
Sunny: We can convert our data into the numbers, and we can feed it to the model for the training, right? So this is also one of the, basically, application
Sunny: document searching, right? Similar document matching. This is one of the applications. In RAG, also, we use this encoding embedding techniques, okay?
Sunny: So, these are the applications. I think in the previous class, I explained those things. You can go and check there.
Abhishek Kumar: Okay, and another follow-up question was with regards to,
Abhishek Kumar: So, we, when we are building, we're building, and…
Abhishek Kumar: One of the cons of both the algorithm, we noticed that whenever a new sentence or a document comes in, and there are certain words which are not part of the vocabulary.
Abhishek Kumar: But when we…
Abhishek Kumar: primarily start, we build vocabulary based on all the unique words that are there from the document. So, whenever a new document is coming in.
Abhishek Kumar: Are we not supposed to update the vocabulary? Because it is quite obvious that new document or sentence would have exactly which.
Sunny: Yeah, yeah, you can update the vocabulary, no worries, but yeah, maybe you will not be able to cover all the words and all, all the unique words. So tell me, you know about the LLMs.
Sunny: Alright? ChatGPT and all.
Sunny: on how much data it was trained. Millions and the billions, trillions of the tokens, correct? But it's still, sometimes ChatGPT is not able to answer something, right? The hallucination problem was the major one.
Sunny: Despite of training of this much of data, ChatGPT was not able to answer.
Sunny: Understood now. So, how my model could be updated with every sort of a vocabulary. At any point of time, I might get issue if I'm deploying it in a real time.
Sunny: Okay? So, this was the problem with all the older techniques, actually.
Abhishek Kumar: So, if I have to summarize this, and correct my understanding.
Abhishek Kumar: When we actually host this as a solution.
Sunny: Hmm.
Abhishek Kumar: Primarily, our solution would be on some static data. That would be the set of documents on which we have trained and built our vocabulary on. And that is why whenever a runtime query comes or runtime document comes, that time we
Abhishek Kumar: May not be able to update our, training… trained model itself.
Sunny: Hmm.
Sunny: Huh, I mean, let's see, I'm not saying you cannot update the vocabulary, you can do it.
Sunny: Okay, if it is a new control, you can do it, right? If you're going to build a solution, basically, for your control environment.
Sunny: Okay? There, the data is coming, you are going to be, like, process the data, maybe weekly, monthly, or then you are updating a book out, but you can do that. There is no harm in that. But again.
Sunny: After doing that also, we cannot, basically give the guarantee that we are going to be cover every sort of a sentence over there.
Sunny: In controlled environment, maybe it might be possible for any business use case and all, but if we are going to be open it for all the people, the entire world, there we might face difficulty in such application. Got it?
Abhishek Kumar: Okay, and one last, request, not a question. We saw the examples with small sentences. It was good for the understanding purpose, but can we have an example including actual PDF files where we
Abhishek Kumar: scan them and try to.
Sunny: We will see that in the upcoming, examples. It means in the…
Sunny: Like, basically the other solution and all. We'll see that, okay?
Sunny: And even I'll give you the assignment, there you're going to be using real-time data only.
Sunny: Understood.
Abhishek Kumar: Okay. Yeah.
amar nath: Okay, Sunny, this is Amar from New Jersey.
Sunny: Yeah, Ahmad, please go ahead.
amar nath: Yeah, I have a few questions here. First is, I am not able to install… can I share my screen? Is it possible to share my screen?
Sunny: Yeah, yeah, you can share.
amar nath: To a certainty? Okay.
amar nath: Doesn't I see an option of sharing?
amar nath: How do we see, Sherry?
Sunny: you can, accept that. You can promote yourself as a panelist.
amar nath: No, I did that. I did that. Still it's not coming.
Sunny: Just join as a panelist, okay?
amar nath: No, sir, I see Ray's hand is there. Okay, stay as… join us panelist. Okay, got it.
amar nath: Okay.
amar nath: So, if you look at here.
amar nath: I even changed it to 3.1.1. I'm not able to… even though this is installed successfully, I'm not able to see this.
Sunny: Please share the screen, I think you're not sharing the screen.
Srija Gunda: Hi, Sanizer.
Srija Gunda: Oh, what's that?
Sunny: Please, please, please wait, okay?
Sunny: Yeah, yeah, you can share the screen number, okay?
amar nath: Okay, one second. Share screen is a record. I'm seeing there, but I don't see the option to share. Oh, Shari's here. Okay, sorry, my apologies.
amar nath: Can you see my screen now?
amar nath: Yes, I can.
Sunny: Yes, I can.
amar nath: I even went back, changed it to Python 3.1. I installed successfully the UVP installed skit-learn. Still, this is not showing up as recognizing it.
Sunny: Did you select the correct kernel or not?
amar nath: Yeah, it cut.
Sunny: You didn't select the correct kernel, no? See?
Sunny: You are doing your mistake over here. Just give me the access of your system.
amar nath: Okay.
amar nath: Okay, thank God.
Sunny: Select this second kernel.
amar nath: Oh, you are moving.
Sunny: 0.11.15.
Sunny: 3.11, which one you are using, actually?
Sunny: Did you create a virtual environment here?
amar nath: Yes, yeah, yeah, I did that, I did that.
Sunny: Just a second, I think you didn't create a virtual environment.
Sunny: I told you not to create a virtual environment.
amar nath: The first… first class, I did everything, sir. First class, everything I did. Anyhow. But I…
Sunny: I cannot see your virtual environment here, right?
amar nath: Okay.
Sunny: You have to create a virtual environment.
Sunny: Python 3.11 is available, see this one? CPython, no?
Sunny: Just use this one and create a virtual environment. So, U, V, V, E, and V.
Sunny: Then E and B.
Sunny: Then hyphen, hyphen, python.
Sunny: Now, copy this name, CPython 3.11.15, paste it here.
Sunny: Mac OS, A, A, R, C, H, copy that name, and paste it here. Not this one, name, name.
Sunny: Left-hand side name, yeah.
amar nath: This one?
Sunny: Oh, this one. This new.
amar nath: Copy.
Sunny: Copy and paste.
Sunny: Okay, now activate this environment using the source ENV bin activate.
amar nath: Give me one second… source EMV slash activated.
amar nath: Oh, sorry.
Sunny: source envin activate. This one. Copy that, copy that path and use it.
Sunny: Activate bit. Can you see that line? Activate bit?
Sunny: Just copy that and paste it here.
amar nath: Where, where is it? Where is it? Sorry, sorry.
Sunny: Check, no, they are activated.
amar nath: Sorry, my birthday. Okay.
amar nath: Okay.
Sunny: Now here, run ubpip install hyphen a requirement.txt. Write this command.
amar nath: Sorry, UV?
Sunny: pip install. Have you not checked the previous classes?
amar nath: No, there is, I forgot now. Okay, requirement.
Sunny: sorry, ubpipinstall after… sorry, ubpip install hyphen r requirement.txt, hyphen r…
amar nath: Okay.
Sunny: UB pipip install? No, UB pipip install.
Sunny: hyphen r, requirement.txt.
Sunny: Oh, requirements.txt.
Sunny: Run it.
amar nath: You know, last week I did the same thing. I said, how come my opponent is changing? Every time I need to set this one?
Sunny: I think you did it in a different folder, and now you're working with a different folder.
Sunny: That's the issue.
amar nath: Well, I see, okay, okay.
Sunny: Now just select the correct Python kernel. Just click on that Python kernel here.
Sunny: Now, see another kernel.
amar nath: Okay.
Sunny: Now, Python environment.
Sunny: live on Python environment.
Sunny: Now here, select ENB, ENB.
amar nath: Sorry, one second, I had to go off in.
Sunny: Again, go with that kernel. Click on that.
Sunny: Now select another kernel.
Sunny: Python environment. Now, here's… wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Sunny: E and B, first one. Select that.
Sunny: Now run it, now restart the kernel.
amar nath: Okay.
Sunny: Okay, now run it again.
amar nath: Okay, so what you're saying, every time a new folder comes, I need to go back and reinstall the VNV thing. Okay, got it. Next question to you is, how do I go back to previous recordings of sessions? I can play around with this also? I have all the…
Sunny: Open the creationig.academy, open that website.
amar nath: Okay, good flag.
Sunny: Kureshnayak.academy.
Sunny: Krishnayakacademy.com, write that, krishnaikeAcademy.com.
amar nath: Okay.
Sunny: Oh, right there.
amar nath: Okay, login.
Sunny: Login with your web's email.
amar nath: One second, I'll get this, I don't know Zoom is popping up.
Sunny: Guys, see, you should have checked with the first induction session. We have all… we have shown over there how to access the course recording and all everything. This is for all of you guys.
Sunny: If you are facing such issues, right? Just log in with your mail ID, do it.
amar nath: One second, I'll show you.
Sunny: Yo.
amar nath: This is siding the zoom, okay, one second, there's a problem.
amar nath: I apologize.
amar nath: Boy.
amar nath: Okay.
Sunny: Clause in with your enrolled middle IT, okay?
amar nath: Yeah.
amar nath: So, just to give you a perception, right? I am not that much hands-on, but I wrote a book on genre for strategies, okay? So, I have a few questions, actually. Tomorrow's session, I may not be able to understand… sorry, not… I want to see the recording, how soon I can get the recording.
Sunny: Recording you will get within 24 hours.
amar nath: Where would I see the recording? That's a question. That's another question I have.
Sunny: So, over the platform only, you will get, no? Just go inside the course section, click on that. Course… courses.
amar nath: Okay…
Sunny: Horses, middle one, third one.
amar nath: No, I know, but this is… the Mac is popping up with the word thing, you know?
amar nath: How do I hide this zoom thing? It's on top of its hiding. You know what I mean, right?
Sunny: Yeah, yeah, just click on that modern route, this is popping up, right? See all, click on Courses, now here.
amar nath: Okay.
Sunny: Open the course, cut this one, first one.
Sunny: First one's the hardest one.
Sunny: Now go inside the live section here.
Sunny: Scroll down, live section, see?
amar nath: Okay.
Sunny: This year, you're all…
amar nath: The new live 24 hours after that, tomorrow's session will be here, right?
Sunny: Correct, correct.
Srija Gunda: No, sir, today's session will be here, not tomorrow's, no, tomorrow's will be here.
amar nath: I'm interested.
Sunny: Today's will be updated. Tomorrow, after the live class, you will get a recording, okay?
amar nath: Monday, Monday I'll get it. Monday I'll get it.
Sunny: Oh, Monday coming, correct, right.
amar nath: Okay. Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. Appreciate it.
Sunny: Thank you, sir. Thank you.
Sunny: Okay, Silja, Sandeep, Anil, anyone is here? Go ahead.
Srija Gunda: Sir, I am here. So, I have a doubt, sir. So, we have four documents… I'll quickly tell, sir, I'll not take much of your time. So, we have four documents, right? You have the sentences written, and in that 4 documents, in the for each, like, we have taken the for loop, and we have taken the vector for each thing. But then, next, we have just taken a single sentences. Is it not like we are calculating for everything? Like, for example, if we are having a
Srija Gunda: whole document, then are we, like, see, I see N by NRA, I mean, m by an array, and I see a single dimensional array. So, what are we actually creating? Like.
Srija Gunda: is it differing? Like, how… I mean, I did not understand how are we going to relate each and every word with another word, or how are we coming up with learning of the data? If we are doing one word at a.
Sunny: First of all, there is no such learning. Simple code, simple execution, that's it.
Sunny: Which one you're talking about? This one.
Srija Gunda: Sir. Here, we have got… I understood how is the vocabulary collection.
Sunny: Wait, wait, let's say you have four documents. Yeah. Don't, don't think you have a 4 document, just think you have a 1 single bigger paragraph.
Sunny: Right? Let's say you have how many words? Let's say in that particular paragraph, you have 100, 200, 500 words, okay? In that case, also, the processing is going to be same. Understand the process. See, focus over here, right?
Srija Gunda: I'm glad I've understood, sir, how we have created the, like, vocabulary, and based on the vocabulary, we are just simply matching if it is there, then we are simply marking it as 1, and if it is not, then making it
Srija Gunda: So, now what, like, what I did not understand is, even if you have a group of words in a sentence, again, you are calculating each word separately, right? And even if you have one sentence completely, you're making that again as a group of words.
Srija Gunda: But when you look at the output… so, can you come down, sir? We have seen the output in the for loop, right? We have seen M…
Srija Gunda: And by NRAs, we have seen.
Srija Gunda: Not here, sir. For the first documents, we have seen.
Srija Gunda: This is just one sentence you have taken. For the first documents, when you have seen, we have got M by NRS, and for the second one, we have got, like, this one, see? Here, we just got this particular one, so…
Srija Gunda: I mean, pure ideas!
Sunny: Ma'am, this is a… this is a one sentence, no? Ma'am, this is a one sentence, actually.
Srija Gunda: Either you can call me Sri Jaj, okay?
Sunny: Yeah, so Jay, this is the one sentence, actually.
Sunny: Okay, that's what I have explained you, no? See, this both are the different examples. This is a different example.
Srija Gunda: I understood that. This is a different example.
Sunny: Huh.
Srija Gunda: In general?
Sunny: See, don't be confused by this, all words. Just comment it out. Let me comment all this thing.
Sunny: This is just to explain you, like, how to provide a data. You can skip this step as of now. It is not required, okay? Let me tell you now, just tell me which sentence needs to be converted, okay? Let's go according to you. What you want it to convert into the document,
Srija Gunda: Exactly, I wanted to ask you, what do you.
Sunny: Just give me the example, I'll write that, okay?
Srija Gunda: No, sir, I understood the code what you're saying. I understood how this is getting processed. That and all, I wonder.
Sunny: So, okay, even though you understood, but at least tell me the example so that we can both execute together. Okay, and then we can make a conclusion. So, forget about this, that, just tell me the example, just tell me one sentence, two sentences, whatever, right, you are saying. Okay, we'll execute according to that only. Tell me.
Srija Gunda: Okay, just say… no, you're not getting me. What I'm asking is simple.
Sunny: My own Pacific.
Srija Gunda: How are we making… see, we are… are we seeing one sentence differently, and are we seeing four different sentences differently? Or it is the same, like, grouping it all, we are making a couple of words, and making the learning all the.
Sunny: This is a one sentence. Actually, this is a representation of the one sentence only. This sentence, this one.
Srija Gunda: So, are we not correlating everything at last?
Sunny: No, no, this is a representation of the one sentence. If you have four documents here, let's say you have four documents, this one, you will get four different vectors. Let me execute it again, okay?
Srija Gunda: Okay, so that is fine, Seth, now I've understood. It's not
Srija Gunda: making learning out of everything. Like, we are.
Sunny: Clutter.
Srija Gunda: anything, we are just learn… we are just… whatever it is present, we are doing that inside the square brackets. That means we are considering each sentence as a list, and for each list, we are again getting a vector with the respective dimension.
Sunny: You are right. I mean, that is a single, single sentence. Regarding a single, single sentences, you are getting a one-hot encoded vector. If you have four sentences, you will get four. Let me explain… let me run it from scratch only.
Srija Gunda: Yeah.
Srija Gunda: You have used the part.
Sunny: Just once executed with a different, different example, check what you are getting over there. Automatically, you will get that, okay? It's not very difficult.
Srija Gunda: Yes, sir, this is easy, like, I've understood. And one more question I'll ask quickly and leave, sir. So, basically, I'm a data engineer. I work with Python, PySpark, SQL, Databricks, and Data Factory. I'm an Azure data engineer. So, in, like, 5 years back, I was a fresher, I learned data science from Upgrad.
Srija Gunda: So that's the reason I'm understanding what you're telling the scikit-learn or anything. I did not forget the things, like, of course, I forgot the DL and LP, because that was the end, but still, I understand the terms. But then, back then, when I was a fresher, I was not getting the opportunities as a data scientist, because everybody are going for, like, experienced people. Even though my peers who learned the data science with me, they did not understand integration, differentiation, anything.
Srija Gunda: Like, we have the stats and all in their mail, right? But they went through, now they are data, like, AI engineers, AI managers and all.
Srija Gunda: that time, because I was a fresher, I did not. Now, being a data engineer, how can I grow with this Gen AI and agentic AI? Like, should I build the agents for my work and get into this data engineering, like, continue with this data engineering because I wanted to? Or how is this, like, will this course… is this course designed for me to entirely shift from data engineer into
Srija Gunda: data scientist or AI engineer, the roles you have explained in the first class.
Sunny: Yes, this course is basically to transition into the Gen AI only.
Srija Gunda: So…
Sunny: If you are into the data engineering profile, yeah, if you are into the data engineering profile, you can transition into the Gen AI, actually, okay?
Srija Gunda: Okay, so my vision was, being in the data engineer field, I will learn how to develop the agents, and I will demonstrate how can I quickly do my data engineering task using the agents. So, this is what I have thought. This will not be served.
Sunny: Yeah, you can do that also. So, once you will learn the development here, okay, the agentic development, or RAG and all, right? You can integrate it anywhere, in any data engineering task, or anywhere, in any sort of a use case, okay?
Srija Gunda: Sure, sir. Thank you so much, and sir, don't feel bad about all the nonsense. I can understand how you are making the class really nice and warm, and we can understand it's okay. And in this AI era, we should be able to understand it by ourselves, like, if… for a single syntax error or anything, we should be able to. I do that. Like, if I get an error, I directly paste it in ChatGPT. I don't hesitate, and I don't expect my trainer to also tell me each and everything.
Srija Gunda: And thank you.
Sunny: Yeah, correct. Yes, thank you. Actually, people also need to understand.
Srija Gunda: And I felt today that you… you felt a little bad, that's the reason we are not able to concentrate on all the topics which you have listed down. Don't feel like that's it. You're… you're awesome, you do the same, and thank you, I'll not waste your time. I'm leaving. Thank you, sir. Bye-bye. Don't feel bad, you'll make your day good, at least
Srija Gunda: Take those words and feel good. Don't take all the negative things.
Sunny: Yeah, yeah, thank you, thank you, ma'am, for your support. So yeah, I just say, because the class, should not being debuted, okay? So that's why, like, I encourage to people. Okay, fine, that's a different discussion. Now, Ramesh, Sandeep…
Sandeep Saboo: Shani, there's Sandeep here, right?
Sunny: Yes, Handeep.
Sunny: Yeah, please go ahead.
Sandeep Saboo: Sunny, so first of all, I feel like, you know, we have that one single session for the setup gating correctly at the earliest possible, because that is probably holding back a lot of people, including me, because I'm working on Mac, and I'm not able to install UV.
Sandeep Saboo: Even though, you know, I can work and install the Python. So, if we can have that session, it will be really good, because the next few sessions, or all the sessions going forward, I'll be able to execute the exercises as we go along, right?
Sandeep Saboo: That's one humble request.
Sandeep Saboo: So that is one, and then.
Sunny: Yeah, I'll keep that session. On, maybe Tuesday you will get a mail, okay?
Sandeep Saboo: Yeah, yeah, sure, thank you, thanks a lot. So, I'm not sharing any screen or anything right now, I'll wait for that session.
Sandeep Saboo: Okay. Okay.
Sunny: Thank you.
Sandeep Saboo: After going through these models, right, or the libraries that are already pre-built, and their purpose was pretty different, right?
Sandeep Saboo: Now, the whole thing comes down to, is like, you know, these tokens, which are made up of words, or each word is actually acting as a token, right? So, going forward.
Sandeep Saboo: the metering of the billing, basically. So, I'm jumping the gun right now, okay? I'm thinking from the leadership perspective, or the manager perspective, that this token economy that will come into picture, right.
Sandeep Saboo: That will really, you know, people will not have exact idea how much tokens their employees are burning, or people or the engineers are basically burning, right?
Sunny: And…
Sandeep Saboo: It depends, actually.
Sunny: See, sir, that depends, actually, over the uses.
Sunny: Okay, and what kind of application you have, right? How many people are using that?
Sunny: So, for that, you will get, certain metrics and all, every dashboard and all, right? So, what you can do, let's say, if you are going to be configure OpenAI API, Cloud API, or even you are going to be, configure the model over the Azure OpenAI platform, AWS Bedrock.
Sunny: So they are giving a very extensive platform, right, to analysis a token and all, everything.
Sunny: Okay, but it is a very subjective question, it can completely depend on the team size, or the use cases, or okay, and how many times the API is being hit, and what you are going to be generated from there, okay? So, you need to be, like, perform some POC, to understand the uses and all.
Sunny: Got it?
Sandeep Saboo: Okay. Yeah, I'm just wondering, so if I don't have to, you know, recurringly spend that budget, and suppose I want to run a single-person agency who can actually, you know, orchestrate all the agents, and then, you know, generate tokens by myself, right? So…
Sandeep Saboo: what kind of computing power I need, and can I generate my own tokens rather than, you know, taking
Sandeep Saboo: help from the OpenAI, or Cloud, or anyone, right? Why can't I.
Sandeep Saboo: My own tokens and use it for my company.
Sandeep Saboo: So that is one tournament.
Sunny: Sorry, token generation, you are saying in which sense, actually?
Sandeep Saboo: in sense of, you know, because Claude and other people who are selling the subscription pro models or something like that, for $20 and all, right? I don't want to go that route. I want to have my company
Sandeep Saboo: generate its own token and use their own LM framework, right? There are a lot of…
Sandeep Saboo: free LLM frameworks, right? So, I want that to be adopted, and I generate my own token, and you consume my own token rather than endlessly spending or subscribing to OpenAI or Cloud, right? So, in that sense, I'm talking about
Sandeep Saboo: Is it possible?
Sunny: Okay, so you are saying you… you're not willing to call any, API, right, for their model. You wanted to host your own model, open source model, or own your own infrastructure.
Sunny: the model will generate the tokens, and you are not going to be bear any API costs, the OpenAI API or Cloud API, right?
Sunny: So, for that, sir, see, what you will have to do, you will have to pay for the infra, setup, maintenance, and even the engineering also.
Sunny: Getting my point, right? So… What you can do, you can…
Sunny: first of all, see, what I will tell… what I will, basically, suggest to you, to understand the LLM, right? How to download that, how to keep it on your own system, how to run it locally. There is some, cloud platform also, some, basically GPU platform also, which you… where you can purchase the GPU over the RAN, even you can configure it over some cloud also.
Sunny: or the Azure AWS and all, right? There, you can keep your model, and you can consume it, consume it as an API.
Sunny: Okay.
Sandeep Saboo: Okay.
Sunny: means your entire team. So, it is a completely self-hosted, you will have to make it completely, like, self-hosted system.
Sandeep Saboo: Right? Okay.
Sunny: So, yeah, I think I kept one project in this, like, module itself, just analysis that project, how to host the LLM, and how to consume it via API.
Sunny: Right? Where maybe you can understand, the thing in a better way, right? Now, compute power means if you're going to be hosting your local, then I think, at least you would require the RTX 5070Ti or RTX60ADA kind of GPU.
Sunny: Okay, and up to 24 to 48 GB of RAM.
Sunny: Okay, the model, around 10 to 20 billion of parameter, right? That would be, like, enough. You can, like, definitely host the model local, and you can serve as a API, right? Over the cloud, you can check out with a RunPod. RunPod is a platform which is providing you the GPUs and all.
Sunny: Okay.
Sunny: With some prizes, maybe per hour, or you can check out with their enterprises plan also. So, there also, you can host the model, and you can consume it via API. Means, you can build your own, system, you can consume the API, and you can see all the token and all.
Sunny: Or via that only, okay?
Sandeep Saboo: Okay, and because in one of the posts, I saw that Chris Naik, he started using his local machine because of the security purposes, right, and the latency…
Sandeep Saboo: So, the same thing, I'm thinking in a broader perspective for my own self or the company standpoint, right? So, because…
Sandeep Saboo: C.
Sandeep Saboo: Even the Cloud and the OpenAI, they're basically, even if you buy the subscription, they will still have your data on their platform, and they will learn by…
Sandeep Saboo: your usage pattern, and whatever you are designing. So it's basically exposing your ideas, your business, your…
Sandeep Saboo: trade secrets, basically, with them. So, to avoid doing that, that was another perspective to host my own LLM on my machine, right? So, what do you think about that? Is it a right thing?
Sunny: If you are worrying about that, then you can use the cloud services. Okay, cloud services like Azure Cloud Foundry, AWS Bedrock, so they are not going to be exposing your data. All the enterprise actually are using their… those managed environments only.
Sunny: Okay, so you can understand, about those platforms, you can check out with their, like, the terms and conditions, okay, their protocols, right? And after that only, basically, you can do the setup over there, and directly you can consume the model from there itself.
Sunny: Those are called the managed environment, they are providing you with a complete BPC and all, so your data will not be exposed.
Sunny: Got it.
Sandeep Saboo: Okay. Yeah. Okay. To go to that level of decision-making of what kind of configuration and the entire setup should work, what is the, you know, right,
Sandeep Saboo: course, basically, who basically decides that in terms of the role, so that I can target.
Sunny: See, for this one, actually… None of the course is going to be helped.
Sandeep Saboo: In terms of, like, is it a… Yeah, so the course…
Sunny: Boards can just… No, no, I'm telling you, cores can just teach you.
Sunny: Right? Certain level of concepts. Okay. But if you're going to be think of this level of agency, okay, this level of system, basically, so you will have to do it by yourself.
Sunny: After understanding the fundamental, actually, right?
Sandeep Saboo: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny: It is a trial and error, means, you learn the concept, you learn the fundamental, now it's your turn, okay, to perform that. Got it? So, you know
Sunny: any of the cloud, if your basics are clear, you know how to use that, just explore their services. If you know how to download the model, how to fine-tune it on your task, how to host it over the cloud, or other… any platform, right? So, you can even try that. None of the course is required. Okay.
Sandeep Saboo: Okay.
Sunny: MLOps, LLM Ops, yes, those are good, means if any of the courses there with a complete end-to-end project, where the LLM hosting is the main focus, right, you can learn from there. But again, I would suggest you, if you are going to be due by yourself, just by adding some bits and pieces.
Sunny: You can do it.
Sunny: Got it.
Sandeep Saboo: Okay.
Sunny: Yep.
Sandeep Saboo: Alright.
Sandeep Saboo: Okay, thanks. I think I'll be discussing this on this topic a little more as I go forward, right?
Sandeep Saboo: So, don't mind. But, yeah, Sunny, thanks for your… all the clarification, and repeat it repeatedly, you know.
Sandeep Saboo: Clearing the concepts of everything.
Sunny: inwards.
Sandeep Saboo: Right? I understand it's a bit frustrating, like you sounded today.
Sandeep Saboo: I think everything is going fine, and…
Sunny: Yeah, thank you, thank you, Sandeep.
Sandeep Saboo: Fundamentally, if someone is making something under… understandable, yeah, so it's really wonderful, okay.
Sandeep Saboo: Okay, thank you, thank you, Sam.
Sunny: Okay, thank you, Sandeep. Bye. Take care.
Sunny: Okay, Ramesh, Anil… Anil, please go ahead. Wait, Ramesh, Anil, first you go.
Anil Chaurasiya: Hello, hello, Penny. Thank you for this wonderful session. Actually, I'm really enjoying it, and I am already working in this Genetic AI project.
Anil Chaurasiya: So, last year, we did projects on some of the DLMs, so detecting the audio video abnormalities and all. So, I know those API calling part of it.
Anil Chaurasiya: But I never got a chance to learn this fundamental, like, how transformer works, what is reporting, embedding, and all.
Anil Chaurasiya: So I am, pretty, much, you know, able to connect it.
Anil Chaurasiya: Just, I, I want some of the, you know, motivation so that, you know, I can still, you know, learn the things, in a more better way. I'm also in the management fields, where I have to decide all these things, like, our, colleagues were asking, right?
Anil Chaurasiya: how the things are managed at the infrastructure level. So, I'm already using GPUs, self-hosted VLMs, to perform the task.
Anil Chaurasiya: So, this foundation, how much depth I should go, actually, that is my primary, you know, question. I want to understand how much depth I need to learn
Anil Chaurasiya: The basics. I know, like, foundation knowledge is always helpful on making the decision on many things, so just want a few words from you so that, you know, I can keep with the same momentum and continue learning with new things.
Sunny: So, deep, depth-wise, sir, what you can do, you are already learning the fundamentals, right? That you already adapt. Me, sir, you already, like, means, you already know about the GPUs and all, right? Now, over here, what I would suggest to you, you can focus over the fine-tuning side.
Sunny: Okay? Just learn about the fine-tuning, about the knowledge tweak, preference tuning, those concepts are the important one.
Sunny: Getting my point. From the training perspective, or from the LLM architecture perspective, okay?
Anil Chaurasiya: Yep.
Sunny: Now, how to, like, train it over the distributed system, over the different, different GPUs, with the different kind of data, okay, how to update it in a real-time scenario, you can add on these things as well.
Sunny: So, till fine-tuning, till knowledge tuning, preference tuning, we are going to be learned over here, right? And the other thing, basically, maybe we can… we might include in the projects.
Sunny: The second, basically, go as much as depth, as much as deep with the RAG, RAG, multimodal RAG system. Do as much as project over there, with a different, different, kind of data.
Sunny: And, at the end, agent, okay? Because, in future, AgentTech AI is going to be role, right? The LLM, basically, every sort of application is going to be automated in the future, okay? With the help of this agent tech AI agents.
Sunny: Soap.
Anil Chaurasiya: Yup.
Sunny: as soon as if you can adapt the agentic AI multi-agent tech system, and the different framework for build, developing that, and if you can take a help of the AI coding assistant, right, or the eco… if you can take a help of the cloud ecosystem, the complete system, because there are so many good things which I've seen recently.
Sunny: Cloud Code is another thing, Claude Skill is there, right? And several plugins and all. It is helping a lot to the developer community. So if you can.
Sunny: go that much depth, right, with all the coding assistant, with all the AI assistant, with the RAG and the agentic system, and the fine-tuning knowledge, then I think it would be good for you. Getting my point?
Anil Chaurasiya: Correct, correct, yeah.
Anil Chaurasiya: Yeah, thank you, thank you so much. I won't take much time, it's already late. Maybe we'll, connect further.
Sunny: Yeah, thank you, Anil, thank you very much.
Sunny: Okay, Ramesh, please go ahead with the doubt.
Ramesh: Yeah, hi, Sunny.
Ramesh: So, when we say the order of odds, which is a disadvantage for a bag of odds, and
Ramesh: Why not encoding. Is it, like, vocabulary order, or document order? You gave an example for document, right? dog bites man-made…
Sunny: order means order of the sentence, sequence of the words, actually.
Ramesh: Oh, the same example you gave, right? A dog bites… Man, that's the…
Sunny: white man, men, white dog, or any sentence where the sequence matter, let's say I'm saying, my name is Sonny. If I'm saying, is Sonny my name, something like that, right? So, here the sentence is, like, a bit not structured, correct? So, that thing is not being captured by this bag of words and all.
Sunny: Okay?
Ramesh: Okay, so my next question is, so we understand the… how the bag of words is working, and this is working, then in the next class, will we get some examples, so how it will be used, like sentiment analysis, or some kind of, entity recognition, exactly where it will be used, so we'll get some idea, so we'll be… will you be giving some example?
Sunny: Example-wise, we'll, means we are already discussing. We'll give you the certain assignment so that you can explore that site, okay? You can,
Sunny: Yeah, you can even check, I uploaded the assignment over the GitHub, so you can scrap the data in real time from the Flipkart or from any website.
Sunny: And you can gather those information, you can clean that if it is required, then you can convert into the encoding, embedding, okay? That's it. If you wanted to use it further, you can build any sort of a sentiment analysis model on top of it.
Sunny: Right? So, yeah, you can do that. I mentioned those things. Tomorrow, I will come to that part, okay? I'll come to… I'll explain that as assignment, okay?
Ramesh: Okay. I'm the last one to go, or if anyone is there, because this is just advice I want, so maybe I can.
Sunny: Luck.
Ramesh: ask at the end, so that everyone will be… everyone's questions will be answered. I'm the last one, or anyone is there?
Srinivas: Yeah, I think, Ramesh, people are waiting on the list. People are waiting.
Ramesh: Oh, okay, sure, sure. Thanks.
Sunny: Yes, Srinivas, please go ahead.
Srinivas: Yes, Anik, so can I share my screen? I'm not seeing the share.
Sunny: Yeah, yeah, you can share the screen. Just a second.
Srinivas: Great.
Sunny: Yeah, please share the screen.
Srinivas: Yep, are you able to…
Srinivas: See my screen?
Srinivas: You should be able to see the screen now.
Sunny: See, I can see.
Srinivas: Okay, so I, I do have the virtual environment, Sunny, in this project. Okay, so I chose,
Srinivas: The kernel also, correctly.
Srinivas: But when I try to scikit-learn, it still throws an error.
Sunny: What it is showing.
Srinivas: It's showing no module named Skelon.
Sunny: Just install that module in the virtual environment, do it.
Sunny: Write ubpip install hyphen arikan.txt.
Srinivas: You beep, beep.
Srinivas: Stone… I'm gonna solve… Requirements.txt.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Alrighty.
Srinivas: So, I see this error, like, last time also I asked this question, but you said, like, it is okay.
Sunny: There's two things. I think you build… you created an environment with 3.12, right? So 3.1… and actually, there is one library which we are use… going to use, GenSim library, okay? So the GenSim library, actually, it is not supporting Python 3.12.
Sunny: Okay, the support is still 3.11 only, so that's why I asked you to create a virtual environment with 3.11.
Srinivas: Oh, okay, okay.
Sunny: So, create a virtual environment with 3.11, and again, do it, you will not get this error.
Sunny: Otherwise, what you can do, you can install the C++ build tool, Microsoft C++ build tools. In that way, also, we can remove this error. But again, this is going to be a heavy step, that's why I didn't show to everyone, so I prefer this 3.11.
Sunny: because.
Srinivas: and how to…
Sunny: Create a virtual environment.
Srinivas: I have to install 3.11, I don't…
Sunny: No, you haven't. I think you don't have that. First, install that UBPython install, then you can use that, okay? I've given you…
Srinivas: fortunately.
Sunny: Please check out with the… please check out with this Class 3. Open that one.
Sunny: Plus 3? Yeah.
Sunny: Now here, check out with this, Notion notes. Notion notes would be there, right? Notion.
Srinivas: Yeah, this one.
Sunny: Huh Now, see, it is in a different one. Just open the PDF somewhere else.
Srinivas: Yeah, I think I can open it from here.
Sunny: Open this one.
Srinivas: That's 3…
Sunny: Guys, if you have any questions, please raise the hand, I will give you the access, okay? I will allow talk, don't worry. Just keep raise the hand.
Sunny: Yeah, this is all the command. UVPython install, give the specific Python version. Just follow that, install the correct Python version, and create a virtual environment, and then again install the require.txt, okay?
Srinivas: Okay, alright.
Sunny: Thank you.
Srinivas: Thank you so much.
Sunny: Okay, the next note is… Manoj, Anil, Kumar, anyone is there, please go ahead.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Hi Sane, Anil here.
Sunny: Yonan, please go ahead.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Yeah, so I maybe missed a few things, previously. So, I'm not able to set up my, virtual environment.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: So it is giving some error. I just took help from, Copilot as trying to do, but it is still… it is giving error.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Can I share my screen?
Sunny: And show me that I'm not even a penalist.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Okay, yes, please.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Yeah, so…
Sunny: Yeah, share the screen.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Let me share my screen.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Are you able to see my screen?
Sunny: No, I cannot see.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Okay, just a moment, please.
Sunny: Your option is there, right? Yeah, that's good.
Sunny: You cannot see the share option.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: I can't see, but maybe some setting is there. I'm just dead to her.
Sunny: You joined with your office laptop?
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: No, I'm, joining from my Mac laptop only.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: So… Is this okay now?
Sunny: No, I cannot see. Please check with the settings for me.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Well, good.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Okay, then other… please go ahead and let me check the settings then.
Sunny: Okay, Nishant, anyone is there, please go ahead.
Nishant: Hi, Shanae. Thank you so much for allowing me to ask the question. So, my question…
Sunny: Guys, see, there is, like, many people in the queue, okay?
Sunny: So please wait, please raise the hand efficiently, I will unmute you, don't worry. Yeah, please go ahead, Ms.
Nishant: Hi, Shari, thank you so much. So, my question is basically, can we make a SQL agent without LLM API?
Sunny: without LM?
Nishant: LLM API, if we are not using any LLM, can we make it the SQL agent?
Sunny: No, LLM will be required, no.
Sunny: For that, for agentic flow, LLM will be required, right?
Sunny: how you're going to be generating the output, then, is,
Sunny: Like, any, any data, how you're going to be generated.
Sunny: Okay, so there's actually a LLM API. Yeah, don't use any LLM API. What you can do, you can keep the LLM in your local. Locally also, you can run the LLM, okay?
Nishant: But, sir, due to data security, because I'm working on the finished data, because that is very highly secure data, so we can't… we are not allowed to use the LLM. So, in that case, if we want to build any SQL agent, how we can do that.
Sunny: That's what I'm saying now.
Nishant: NLP and some of the prompt engineering, and then get the data and convert into the SQL and something like that.
Sunny: Huh, so that would be the, like, rule-based system then, not the AI.
Nishant: Yes, yes, rule-based system, yeah.
Sunny: So that's going to be a rule-based system. You can do that, you can try that, but again, if you want to use the LLM intelligence, in that case, what you can do, you can use the manage environment.
Sunny: Okay, managed services, like Azure Cloud Folder, AWS Bedrock, Google, GCP Vortex, AI, so they will ensure the security of your data, okay?
Nishant: Because anyway, I have… I have a tenant, actually, which is in the West Europe, that's fine, so… but still, like, you know, to get the L&M API, because the company said, you know, you're working on the finance data, it's going out, then it'll be a problem.
Nishant: So I'm just thinking, like, if we can…
Sunny: only will give you… see, company only will give you the access of those cloud only, no? So, whoever is a cloud admin, whoever is that infrastructure manager, right? So that person only will provide you that account.
Sunny: Okay.
Sunny: Getting my point, what I'm saying.
Sunny: So, just ask…
Sunny: Just ask to the cloud admin, right? Or just ask to the management how to access those models.
Sunny: Okay, so they will.
Nishant: If we have a tenant, if we have Microsoft tenant, can we get… also get a GPT-5 or something, any models API? It's… is it necessary to…
Nishant: Because the data… my data warehouse is somewhere else, and the tenant is somewhere else, because tenant is in the West Europe, and data warehouse in Southeast Asia.
Sunny: You can check out the… see, the respective person can help you, actually, over there. Okay.
Nishant: Slutty?
Sunny: Excellent.
Sunny: means the respective person can help you in your company, basically, right? Whoever is managing those platforms, that person can help you in that, okay?
Nishant: But, but rule-based, rule-based equalizer, we can make it if, like, you know, I know it won't be that much intelligent, but I'm thinking, like, you know, to give some access to some of the finance, non-tech people, you know.
Sunny: See, how I can answer for this question, the thing which is not built, right? Even you are not sure about that, how I can answer, just think about it.
Nishant: I'm just fine, I'm just asking, he's gonna be way…
Sunny: So for that, basically, we have to do some spike activity. We have to build that, we have to compare the answers, we have to check whether it is correct or not. It's a practical question, sir, okay?
Nishant: But it's possible.
Sunny: Huh, it's possible. Definitely it's possible.
Nishant: But it will take some more time. That's what I'm actually asking, because if I'll start working and then something came to know, like, you know, it's not possible, end up then be wasting a lot of time.
Sunny: No, it's possible. Take some time, build that, do some inspect, do some experiment over there.
Sunny: And yeah, test it out there, okay?
Nishant: Okay, okay, thank you.
Nishant: Yeah, thank you, sir.
Sunny: Yeah, Manoj, Dhara, please go ahead, what's your doubt?
Sunny: Origeet, Chandra… Guys, anyone is there, please go ahead.
sree k: Can I speak?
Sunny: Yeah, yeah, Chandra, please go ahead.
chandra: Yeah, hi, something.
chandra: So yeah, let me just share my screen.
Sunny: Okay, I'm a developer in this.
chandra: Let me know if you're able to see the screen.
Sunny: Yo, you can see.
chandra: Yeah.
chandra: So, Sunny, when I'm trying to do the git add and this, I'm getting this error.
chandra: So, what should I do?
Sunny: adding over the Git.
chandra: No, this is my deep one, so I wanted to…
chandra: Check to, commit, and then update, like, how you're executing the scripts.
Sunny: Yeah, because I was doing it, just wanted to share with all of you, right?
chandra: Exit then.
Sunny: If you wanted to keep over the Git, you can, but for that, I think you will have to install the Git. Do you have Git inside your system?
chandra: Not sure how to check, mobile.
Sunny: Now, do one thing, download it from the Git SCM website. Just go over the Google and search Git SCM there.
Tej: Hello?
Sunny: Wait, wait, sir, I'll come to you. Let me handle this one, then I'll come to you.
Sunny: You're right, good esteem.
Sunny: Oh, now this opened this one? Oh.
Sunny: I'm gonna download it for the Windows.
Sunny: This one, 64 setup.
Sunny: Let's pull up.
Sunny: This one? Correct, this one.
Sunny: Downloaded.
Sunny: And then install it again.
chandra: locally.
chandra: And after that, Salik.
Sunny: Install… yeah, install this one, restart the system, and then check it again, okay?
chandra: Okay, fine. And after that, if I wanted to copy the viewer Git, or whatever you're sharing.
chandra: But I wanted to loop it in a different name.
chandra: So, while copying, do I need to mention that? Because I'm also using the same full-stack Dene Bootcamp one.
chandra: So, if I copy yours without changing the name.
Sunny: No, see, your project, your work is different, mine is different. So keep my repo in a different folder.
Sunny: Okay, and create your one also, so that you can practice over there. Keep both separately, got it?
chandra: Okay.
Sunny: Yup.
chandra: Understood. Yeah.
Sunny: Yeah, sure.
Sunny: Okay, Chandra is done. Now…
Muthuraman K: Yo, how is Anit? I'm too here.
Sunny: Wait, wait, guys, let me call the name.
Sunny: Arjit, are you there? Please go ahead, Arjit.
Sunny: Then after that Muthur, you can go ahead, Muthur down.
Sunny: Muturami, you are there.
Muthuraman K: Yeah, yeah, send me.
Muthuraman K: Shall I proceed?
Sunny: Please go ahead, yeah.
Muthuraman K: Yeah, hi, Sunny. I recently joined this page. I'm returning from the USC. So, also, as you sort of… I installed the GitHub, but still I'm unable to clone this repository. It is showing some permission denied error.
Sunny: Share the screen, I'll check. Are you using your system? Sorry, personal laptop, right?
Muthuraman K: Yeah, Boston laptop earlier.
Sunny: Okay, sure.
Sunny: Oh.
Sunny: Okay, just a second… Yeah, please share now, I added you in a panelist.
Muthuraman K: Yeah, hoi, let me share my screen.
Sunny: Yes, sure.
Sunny: Guys, if you belong to the different time zone, you can let me know in the chat.
Sunny: If you join in an odd time, okay? I'll give you the preference.
Muthuraman K: Yeah, so just I tried using this cloned repository. Still, it is not working.
Sunny: Just, go back… Go back, click on this journey to full-stack Jenna Bootcamp.
Muthuraman K: Yeah, just play…
Sunny: Copy the… copy it, open the CMD, write CMD inside your system.
Sunny: Open the CMD, or anything, yeah. Now, right here, git clone.
Sunny: Right here, git clone.
Sunny: Now right here, get clone.
Muthuraman K: Okay?
Muthuraman K: Yeah.
Sunny: Now, paste that URL.
Sunny: Yeah, hit enter.
Sunny: Could not do work 3DIR holistic NEI, permission denied.
Sunny: Just close it.
Sunny: So, open any say, now right here, over here, git clone.
Sunny: Did clone.
Sunny: Oh, not give that URL.
Sunny: You dental.
Sunny: Okay, it is done.
Sunny: You can check now, just write CD, CD Full Stack GenAI, write CD.
Sunny: Polest tract anyway.
Sunny: Fully stack, full stack. Fully stack engineering.
Sunny: So, right, CD, you know, CD, holistic journey.
Sunny: Oh. Press tab, press tab.
Sunny: Tap, tap, tap, tap, now hit enter.
Sunny: Now write code dot, code space dot.
Muthuraman K: O.ok?
Sunny: 4 is space dot.
Muthuraman K: Okay.
Sunny: Oh.
Sunny: Hit enter.
Sunny: See, this is all the material, okay?
Muthuraman K: Okay, okay, no one.
Sunny: Whatever changes… now, whatever changes I'm pushing, just write git clone over here, that's it, okay?
Muthuraman K: Okay, okay, just I'm pulling the new changes, right?
Sunny: Yeah, you can take all the changes, entire code, and then wherever you are writing a code and all, you can do as it is, okay?
Muthuraman K: Okay, okay, got it. And also, so when I, hereafter, I can create a new folder under… with the virtual environment, then I can add my own…
Sunny: keep this as a separate one. This is just my one, which you can.
Muthuraman K: backup, okay?
Sunny: Backup. My… create your one in the different folder, so that both things will be matched up, okay?
Muthuraman K: Okay, okay, so then there I can create and create a virtual environment, and then I can add my workaround site.
Sunny: Correct, correct, now you got it.
Muthuraman K: So, no doubt, Sunny. So, the finisher, mostly how about this plan and all? So, mostly here, we will get a more hands-on or practical project, or, you know, how the course path will be. Currently, I'm working as a GCP data engineer, so how it will be helps for me.
Sunny: Yeah, GCP… if you're working as a GCP one, right?
Muthuraman K: participated in your current.
Sunny: Yeah, you will… you will learn about the holistic engineering, right?
Muthuraman K: Okay.
Sunny: How the channel is being implemented, how we can create a project, what all frameworks and all, everything is there.
Sunny: Getting my point, right?
Muthuraman K: I got it, yeah.
Sunny: Also, it's going to be held, and if anything is there over the GCP specifically for the Gen AI, even you can use those services also for developing the application. Got it?
Muthuraman K: Okay, got it.
Muthuraman K: So, here, the profile will be GenA developer kind of thing, so future, how it will be my… and the role we can apply for, which role we… which kind of… what are the eligible roles we will apply for?
Sunny: covered.
Sunny: What kind of role, basically, you will be eligible? Generative AI engineer, AI engineer. If you have such a level of experience in that one, then you can go for the AI architect role, right? Or, yeah, so these kind of role, basically, you can go for. Got it?
Muthuraman K: Okay, knock it down.
Sunny: Yep.
Muthuraman K: Yeah, okay, thank you, Osini.
Sunny: Thank you, sir, thank you.
Muthuraman K: Thank you, okay.
Sunny: Next out is, Kiran, Tejasvini, anyone is there, please go ahead.
kiran: Hey, Sunny.
Sunny: Yo.
kiran: I'm sharing my screen.
Sunny: Go ahead. Okay, you want to share the screen? Add ignored.
kiran: You know.
kiran: Join us.
Sunny: Yeah, Manoj, I think I've given you the access, now you can unmute yourself.
kiran: Everything?
Sunny: Anil Kumar… I think I cleared your doubt, right, Amit? Anil? Anil Kumar Mehan?
Sunny: Avinaj is saying where I can ask the question. Avinas, you can raise the hand.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Hi.
Sunny: Just with this.
Sunny: Wait, Kiran, let me solve this doubt, then I'll come to you, okay? Yes, Kiran, show me what is your doubt.
kiran: Yeah, so from this, requirements one, so I tried to install all these, so these, lists are not able to install.
kiran: So it is showing it is not available or something, not found.
kiran: So, remaining everything is completed. I have done individual from, touch to pillow.
Sunny: Which, Python version you are using?
kiran: So, it is showing… 3.14, but I tried 3.11 as well.
Sunny: I… I told you, na, messed up mat ko aap, de ko aap, apne kita saur messed up kiaya. UBIT se aapay thing puro handle karweh, right?
Sunny: Because of that, it is not… it is doing such thing, right? So first, delete everything.
kiran: I have done, yeah, so you suggested, everything in the third class.
kiran: I have done this, deleting and creating this several times.
Sunny: Wait, wait, sir. Wait, wait, let me, let me do it, okay? You give me the access of your screen, I'll check.
kiran: Mmm, a pro, okay.
kiran: confirmed.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Because they're not, they're not…
Sunny: Open the new terminal.
kiran: Wonder.
Sunny: Now, right here.
Sunny: First, right here, condor deactivate.
Sunny: Hmm.
Sunny: Now, right here, UBPython list.
Sunny: UV is not there, right? PIP3, install UV.
Sunny: PIP3, pip 3, sorry, pip 3.
Sunny: Yumi.
Sunny: Now check with the UV, UV hyphen hyphen virgin.
Sunny: You didn't install UV?
kiran: I installed it. I have done… So… Walk down this, acceler…
kiran: This, Excel file also, today's class.
kiran: Bag of words and monotone coding.
Sunny: So, where you're facing this issue.
kiran: So the requirements, out of their requirements, few are not able to, like this, these are not able to install.
kiran: So, remaining everything I've done, individually.
Sunny: do one thing, right? Python,
Sunny: PIP3 install, like PIP3 install UV, Fifth 3.
Sunny: Install UV.
Sunny: iPhone, iPhone, bit space, space, hyphen, iPhone, break system packages.
kiran: brake system.
Sunny: Break hyphen system hyphen packages.
Sunny: Break hyphen, wait, wait, wait, hyphen, dash, system, hyphen packages.
Sunny: Oh, just hit enter.
Sunny: Now, right here, UV hyper-conversion.
Sunny: You can insert the blue command also. Okay, now it is showing. Now, right over here, UBPython list.
Sunny: You'll be Python less clear.
Sunny: Now, check whether 3.11 is there or not.
kiran: This one, right? 11.5.
Sunny: 3.11 is there. 3.11.15 is there, no? Yeah. See Python, right?
Sunny: below.
kiran: Was there no cost.
Sunny: below one. Copy it. Right here, UB Python, ENV, UB Pyth, UBVN, sorry, UBBNV, ENV, V-E-N-V-E-N-V.
Sunny: ENV hyphen hyphen Python.
Sunny: And then give this name. Give this name, yeah, now hit enter.
Sunny: Okay, now copy that source, ENV, activate, now create environment.
Sunny: Now, now here, right, UVPIP install hyponarican.txt.
kiran: 12, minus our right.
Sunny: environment.t.
Sunny: Requirements.txt, right? REQ, right? REQ, sorry, REQ, not tab, space tab, tab.
kiran: requirements.txt, right?
Sunny: Now hit enter.
kiran: Yeah, see, this one, this one is a phishing issue.
Sunny: Write Python over here.
Sunny: Hit enter.
Sunny: Right, go exit from here.
Sunny: What is the error? Scroll up, what is the error?
Sunny: Wait, wait, sir, wait, scroll up.
Sunny: Scroll, scroll up.
Sunny: Oh, shut it down, huh? Wait.
Sunny: I thought you can conclude Argana, I'm suicide.
Sunny: It should work now where it is.
Sunny: I think no one is getting this issue.
Sunny: 2.4. Just copy the error and give it to me.
kiran: Mmm, yeah.
kiran: With the command, or without command?
Sunny: No, just paste in the chat.
Sunny: We will phase that. Yeah, paste that, let me check.
kiran: Where is that chart?
Sunny: I think, you have some issue in your Mac, that's why I'm not able to…
Sunny: Just based on the chat, actually.
kiran: I'm not able… I'm not able to see that.
kiran: chart window.
kiran: One second…
kiran: Really stopped.
kiran: Yeah, got it.
Sunny: Open the Recundo.txt you.
kiran: Yeah.
Sunny: Oh, wait.
Sunny: Do one thing, alright?
Sunny: 2.3.1.
kiran: 3.1.
Sunny: Remove this, greater than sign.
kiran: list equal…
Sunny: Oh, greater than, greater than, huh?
Sunny: Greater than, now keep the equal to only.
Sunny: Yup.
kiran: Double equal, right?
Sunny: Oh, double equal.
kiran: Okay.
Sunny: Now, again, check.
Sunny: biz…
kiran: This one is also issue, torch vision also issue.
Sunny: won't resume… First, do the…
Sunny: First, do that one, then we'll check it.
Sunny: No… or do one thing, no?
Sunny: Just comment out that, torch vision.
Sunny: George, George, vision, vision.
kiran: Okay, okay.
Sunny: And torque should be 2.2.2, right? That 2.2.2.
Sunny: Okay, this is fine, this is fine. Now, just comment it out, the storage widget. It is not required as of now.
kiran: Okay.
Sunny: Not on it, again. You do it?
kiran: No solution found.
Sunny: No… no one says matching. 2.2.2, write that.
Sunny: Huh.
Sunny: Run it, run it now, again.
Sunny: Not working.
Sunny: Not working, no?
kiran: Okay.
Sunny: Okay.
Sunny: Actually, some of the, like, this libraries version will give you the issue, okay? In Mac, in Windows, according to the system, it might give you.
Sunny: You can take one more, like, way from here. You can remove all the versions. Automatically, it will install the latest one inside your virtual environment.
Sunny: That might also work.
kiran: Yeah, by removing it is working, but I thought you suggested these versions, right? So, if I…
Sunny: library. GenSim is a very critical library. In every situation, it does not work.
Sunny: That's why I kept it, like,
Sunny: This much of, concentrated to this Python 3.11 and all.
Sunny: But, from future, I will not do it. I will use 3.12 only.
Sunny: Okay, it is doing it. Now, let me check the other doubt. If any issues.
kiran: Yeah, I have one more doubt. So, after installing this Gensim also, this 4.3.2, I, run this one, Word2VEC, so I got some error. Is this…
Sunny: So, select the correct kernel, right? Select the correct kernel, though.
Sunny: Now go with the second… click or select another kernel.
Sunny: Why, why you will select that one? First of all, tell me, you created an ENV environment.
Sunny: Okay, and that is B in B. Now, why you gonna select that?
Sunny: Which one you will select? Tell me… no, no, tell me with your understanding which one you will select. ENV only you will select, correct?
kiran: Yes, yes.
Sunny: Yeah, it is much easy. It is an issue.
kiran: Yeah, no, as of now, it's okay. Previously, I, during the class, I run this. I, installed this, Gensim. I got some error, that's why I'm asking,
kiran: Yep.
Sunny: see, you will not get the error now, because now it is installed all the library and all.
kiran: I understood, yes.
Sunny: Yeah.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Sunny, can I go ahead and note?
Sunny: Wait, Anil… yeah, Anil, you can go ahead.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Yeah, so can you give me controls? Shall I share my screen, please?
Sunny: Yeah, you can share.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Still, I'm having some issue, I don't know what is the issue, so… okay.
Sunny: Yeah, please.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: So, but what error I'm getting is, let me tell you, so…
Sunny: I cannot see your screen, are you sharing?
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Yes, yes, I'm not able to share my screen, I have to look at. So, when I'm,
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: running the B and bulk, environment, right? Like, what is that called? Just a database?
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: V, UVBNV, right? So, I'm getting some error. Let me pass you that error, please. Just turn it.
Sunny: Sorry, I didn't get… you're not able to share the screen, is it?
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Yes, I'm not able to share my screen. I have to look at why I'm, getting that error.
Sunny: So, sir, do one thing, connect with me tomorrow, okay? Just check, with your issue.
Sunny: Yoon, why you are not able to share the screen? Any specific.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Maybe, I'm using my new laptop, so Mac laptop, so I'm not… maybe some error, some security reason I'm not able to share.
Sunny: Okay, no, no worries, do one thing, check out today why you're not able to share the screen, or because, like this, it will be very difficult to me to debug the system, okay?
Sunny: So, if you can share the screen, I think easily I can do that.
Sunny: So, no worries, tomorrow also, we have a tomorrow's class, right? Or even I'm taking one out session on weekdays and weekdays, actually.
Sunny: So, any day you can show me. Nobody.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Okay.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Okay, and one more thing is this, encoding, IPY.env, right? Why it is looking like this format? May I know, please? Like, because generally, Python programs should write in line by line, right? Why it is showing like this? Any, are you using any…
Sunny: PYA file, IPYNB file, both are different.
Sunny: IPYMP file, basically, IPython notebook, it's an interactive mode.
Sunny: Interactive mode means, line by line, we can run it, check it.
Sunny: Okay.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Okay.
Sunny: This is designed in such a way.
Sunny: And PY, basically, it's a Python module, so we can run the entire script over there, and we can execute that.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Okay, okay.
Sunny: That's a different way of writing a code, that's it. It means one is in an interactive mode, and second, basically, in a scripting mode, okay?
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Okay. Yeah, thanks for that. And I will have a look, like, how to set previous class, maybe. I might have missed that, and I will try. In case I'm not able to reject, then tomorrow I'll connect with you, yeah.
Sunny: Sure, sure, sir.
ANIL KUMAR MEHER: Yeah, thank you, thank you so much for your help.
Sunny: Thank you so much, sir.
sree k: I assume.
Sunny: Okay, Avinash Narabade, are you there? I think I already given you the access, you can talk…
Manoj D: Can I go ahead, like, Manoj here?
Sunny: Wait, wait, Manoj, I'm coming to you. Avinash, are you there?
Sunny: I think I cannot hear you. Please check with your microphone.
Sunny: Yeah, Manoj, please go ahead now.
Manoj D: Yeah, thanks, Anil. I mean, I'm struggling to get my mic,
Manoj D: working, so that's why 3 times I think you gave me access over. But, yeah. So, Sunny, today was my first class, and, like, I was able to understand all the concepts which you were able to explain, and I was able to grasp them. Just, I had this one question, like, previously, I had already, set up in Jupyter Notebook, my Python kernel, and,
Manoj D: had practiced in Jupyter Notebook, like, I see that the classes which… and others are using the Visual Studio Editor with, like, separate EMV and UV Package Manager, like, is it, like, advisable to go in that route, or should I… or, can I continue the class using the Jupyter Notebook,
Manoj D: Do you feel, I mean, I'm gonna be missing out on a few things, like…
Manoj D: So, that's my question, like… I don't know.
Sunny: Sorry, I didn't get what you said.
Manoj D: So, I mean, I… I mean, I have experience in using, Jupyter Notebook, like, with the…
Sunny: Okay.
Manoj D: With all the… in Python, like, I had practiced previously, but I see everyone is, I mean, in the classes, doing… setting up, through Visual Studio IDE.
Sunny: Okay, okay, okay, okay, got it now. You can do one thing, na? You can set up the VS Code only, because that is more convenient.
Sunny: Okay. Because later on, whatever development will do, so everything will keep at the same place, okay? So better use that IPvindv file in the VS Code itself, because it is providing you the extension, correct?
Sunny: So, why to use the other… the different Jupyter notebook environment, or any collab, and all as of now? Use this… use this one only, okay? No need to use that Jupyter notebook, the separate ID.
Sunny: You can run the IPONV file here itself. Got it?
Manoj D: Yeah, got it. So, I mean, that is a better way to do things.
Sunny: Current, right.
Manoj D: And, I mean, like, I'm actually looking to take this course as, like, a transitioning phase, or as, like, I'm coming out with the experience of, like, a project manager.
Manoj D: want to get into, kind of, like, AI side of the things.
Manoj D: like, any advice on, like, how I can, like, plan my day, or, like, I mean, how I can, like, how much of practice I need to do myself so I can, or, like, get myself to the, like.
Sunny: See, sir, practice-wise, what you can do, revise the class content, okay? Whatever assignment I'm giving, complete those assignments.
Sunny: Getting my point? If you are weak in any prerequisite, like Python, if you wanted to learn ML and DL just for your extra knowledge, you can go through with that.
Sunny: Otherwise, follow the live classes. I think that would be fine, sir.
Manoj D: Okay, yeah, thank you. So, yeah, I think we'll catch up again tomorrow in the class, then. Thank you.
Sunny: Sure, sure, Manoj, thank you very much. Guys, give me… guys, give me 2 minutes, okay? I'm taking a quick water break. I'll connect within 2 minutes, okay?
sree k: Am I audible?
Sunny: Give me 2 minutes only.
avinash narawade: Blue?
Sunny: Okay, guys, again, we can go ahead. Yeah. So, yes…
Sunny: Sunil, Sri, anyone is there, please go ahead.
Yash Shukla: Yes, I'm audible.
Sunny: Yes, Unil, please go ahead.
Yash Shukla: Certainly yes here, I think both of us have…
Sunny: Sunil is there, or Yash is there?
sunil: I'm, I'm also here, I guess, yes, it's…
Sunny: Yeah, Sunil, please go ahead first.
sunil: Okay, I'm facing one issue, even I have followed the first, I mean, second session. Let me share my screen, and then…
sunil: What do you share?
Sunny: Okay.
Sunny: I'm adding it to PanelistWit.
Sunny: Yes, sorry, Avinash, I'm not, I've given you the access. Please check, I think some issue from your end.
avinash narawade: Can I speak? Can I speak, sir?
avinash narawade: I didn't… I didn' deliverable.
Sunny: After this one, you can speak. After Sunil and Nish, you can speak, okay?
Sunny: Yeah, please go ahead, Sunrit.
sunil: Can you see my screen? I'm… What is happening, current only.
Sunny: Please share the screen, Sunil.
sunil: Just a second, actually, I think it's asking the,
sunil: Can you see, or…
Sunny: No, I cannot see that.
sunil: second, I think I was asking permission.
sunil: Hello.
sunil: I hope you can see my screen now.
Sunny: Yeah, I can see.
sunil: Okay. So, I have done, even I have…
sunil: install the environment. The problem that I'm facing with the executing, I think this is not executing the potion I have tried multiple times.
sunil: Just keep running.
Sunny: Just reload the window, just reload the window, press this, just go with the view, click on view.
sunil: Okay.
Sunny: Command pellet.
Sunny: Alright, the reload window here.
sunil: We love, we know.
Sunny: Just click on that.
Sunny: If you're facing this thing now, then restart the system, okay?
sunil: Okay.
Sunny: It's not a technical issue, actually. You just have to restart the system.
sunil: Okay, I think now I could not see… okay, no.
sunil: It's working now.
Sunny: Got it.
sunil: Yeah, yeah, sorry. And one more quick question, actually. I have created, like, two, two environments, which I was just playing.
Sunny: Delete the first one, sir, delete the first one.
sunil: Probably the first one. Because here, I can see this is part of ANV only 311, and…
Sunny: Use this ENV only, don't use this .vnv.
sunil: Okay, because he has strength, I guess, 30 point… other… I can't leave this one, 30.12.
Sunny: Yes, yes, yes. You delete this one, okay?
sunil: Alright, fine, fine.
Sunny: Yes. Yes, Shukla, please go ahead.
Yash Shukla: Yes, sir. So, sir, regarding today's class, in which you told about BOW and, you know, OHE, Bagavoice and One Hot Encoder, so I have to ask, in one example, it was written,
Yash Shukla: people like cricket, people watch cricket and watch a lot. So, you told that, a keyword, a word should not be considered. So, my question is regarding if we have so many, words like the, and, articles, and gobbles. So, will it also affect, the…
Yash Shukla: thing in, both, you know, bagovers, or one hot, encoder, because if you have so many, and, and so, will the meaning be changed, or something? Is it a disadvantage?
Sunny: Those are the repeated ones, no. We don't consider that, it's not going to be… play any important role in any sort of a sentence, right?
Yash Shukla: Okay.
Sunny: If I will say this is Sunny, if I would say this is a Sunny. So, I think, it's not going to be changed a lot, right?
Sunny: So, if we, let's say we have a paragraph, and that paragraph A is coming, let's say, 15 times, 20 times. So, that will be, like, a little problem, no? That's going to be, like, like, problematic. Why? Because A is not very useful, but again, the frequency of that, that is very high.
Yash Shukla: Yes, sir.
Sunny: Why to keep that? That's it.
Yash Shukla: Okay, so even if the frequency is high, but if there is no particular important meaning to it, we can ignore or neglectify it.
Sunny: Correct, we can ignore. Now you got it, okay?
Yash Shukla: And, sir, one more thing, at the starting of the code, you always wrote with, you know, sentence dot lower.fit, so is it a good practice to either convert everything in lowercase or in uppercase, no? So that no ambiguity is there?
Sunny: Huh, you can keep it in a lowercase, actually, so that ambiguity will not be there, okay?
Yash Shukla: Okay, sir. And, last one more thing, sir. Sir, on the previous lecture, you talked about, you know, the OpenAI API key, so…
Yash Shukla: We have to generate it. So, you will be giving us a tutorial on, no, step-by-step in the next upcoming classes?
Sunny: Haha, next class member, how to generate that, okay?
Yash Shukla: Okay, thank you, Seb.
Sunny: Thank you.
Sunny: Okay, now…
Sunny: Just a second. Abhinash, are you there?
Sunny: Okay.
Sunny: Sri, are you there?
sree k: Hey, hi, Sunny. I'm out of?
Sunny: Yes, you're audible.
sree k: Sunny, my question is pretty basic. So, you have teaching the…
sree k: encoding, right? And encoding nothing but, representation of text into them?
sree k: numbers, 0 and 1 and Y number. So how embedding is playing a role. Embedding is a different concept, because embedding you explained the other day, is a meaningful…
Sunny: Emitting is also a numbers, but it is being generated in a different way, actually.
Sunny: It is not like… No, what I'm saying, embedding is also numbers.
sree k: Yes?
Sunny: Okay, but it is being generated in a different way.
sree k: Okay.
Sunny: Different way means what? We are not directly mapping with Jira and ones, or counting and all.
Sunny: Right? We are doing it using the neural networks.
Sunny: Understood, what I'm saying.
Sunny: You know LLMs, right? Tell me, LLMs are powerful or not.
sree k: Yes.
Sunny: Is it powerful, no? It is able to answer your question, no?
Sunny: Yep. How… Behind that, what.
sree k: Yeah.
Sunny: what is there? Behind that, what is there?
sree k: Embedding is happening at the background.
Sunny: No. Behind that, there is a network, right? Mathematical network.
Sunny: mathematical model.
Sunny: Right? So, that model learns from the data.
Sunny: And because of that, it is able to generate your answers.
sree k: Okay.
Sunny: The same model, basically, we are going to be used to generate some numbers.
Sunny: Right? Meaningful numbers.
Sunny: Understood now, right? So, embedding is a different… I'm sorry, embedding is also a same concept, means that is also a vector number, but it is a different.
Sunny: Compared to this normal and the simple techniques, okay?
sree k: And the cosine similarity and all, which you explained, how we can relate, how we cosine similarity.
Sunny: Just wait for… just wait for a couple of more sessions, maybe one or two sessions, you will get that, okay?
sree k: I thought cosine similarity is some related with the encoding, or something like that.
Sunny: No, no, no, no. This is the basic level of representation of the data.
sree k: So, when we go the advanced, we will be looking at the embedding as a separate thing.
Sunny: Correct, correct, right.
sree k: Okay. Yeah, thank you, son.
Sunny: Tinkers.
avinash narawade: Sir, can I speak?
Sunny: Yes, please go ahead.
avinash narawade: Sir, can I speak any Hindi?
Sunny: Bill Kulhitiba Bhat here.
avinash narawade: O meni kithi.
avinash narawade: ki hai.
avinash narawade: virtual environment ka wo. Sunday to Saturday Sunday ko tay.
avinash narawade: nahi.
avinash narawade: Okay? Samjo koi bhi… nonsense thing create karne ka ko hirazan naita.
Sunny: Then, it's okay, it's okay. Manage karna typical hojata hai.
Sunny: Typical kise, abi kitteni WhatsApp group create hojate hain, eX do banjate, dose char banjate hain, ja se abne, let's say, pachas low ko le ke group banaya.
Sunny: Okay. Toh wo typical managed karna, it's very typical. Toh, that's why we don't create a WhatsApp group and all.
Sunny: ki aaph community chat mein baat kar sakte hain. Toh mad kar sakte hain, o meny aapko bola na, koi bia aapko doubt hai, kuch bhi issue hai, aap may sa personal connect kiji. Aapko number chaii, aapko personal meeting me kannet karna hai, come to me. Agar ade ko mein chat mein sa monitor karta hai taw. Aap Samajia kar mein message ka reply ni kartung group mein aa joh bhi.
Sunny: But mein, always, I'm on a monitor mode. Apna community wala. Aap kabi bhi ping karenge, apna koi bhaw dalenge, mein uska response karunwa. Okay? So don't worry about that.
Sunny: So aap ist group ka use kijega, ko yapko personal data jo bi ha, mein ko mehl pel legiti jega. You will get a reply within 24 hours, okay? Don't worry.
avinash narawade: simply jobs kartata.
avinash narawade: dani.
avinash narawade: ye merry hupareh.
avinash narawade: Toho mein isnais, untrap bia aapke upper hai aapke classes ke upare ki aap keysa group banahenge kisi ko contact nai jayka, kisi ko kaya ni jayiga, lekin joh bih bandahi ho jo series bandai wo contact karke apne aapko, rebujan leisikte, kya hotay may be ape se ki periphan kara.
Sunny: Guys, please, please mute yourself. Yes, Abhinas, yes, please go.
avinash narawade: Whenever you are going to interview, or whenever things job means ko bhi jata hai, do aapko jo things other…
avinash narawade: bata hai.
avinash narawade: nahi ko.
Sunny: I got, I got, Abhinas, don't worry, okay? But, wahi, what's up bagrade, aap community chat mein dali aga, or aap mujay, mail kar dije, okay? Koi bhi daute kuch bhi, you will get a reply, take it?
avinash narawade: Okay, sir, thank you.
Sunny: Yeah, sure, thank you.
Sunny: Okay, next out is… Tej, are you there? Mansa Mini, if anyone is there, Vic Shah.
Veeksha Kokkula: Yes.
Sunny: Victor, are you there?
Veeksha Kokkula: Yeah, yeah.
Manaswini: Hey, this is not interesting.
Sunny: First you go, then Viksha, you can go, okay?
Manaswini: Yeah, hi, this is Narendra. Actually, that display name is my daughter's name. I have a… first and foremost, I have to really appreciate your level of patience, and thanks for your patience and just going in this phase.
Manaswini: can I quickly share my screen? I have, difficulty in, running the IPvin by file.
Sunny: Yeah, yeah, you can share, sir, you can share.
Manaswini: Are you able to see my screen, huh?
Sunny: Please share the screen. I think you're not sharing.
Manaswini: Okay, okay, okay, yeah.
Manaswini: Okay, entire screen, okay.
Manaswini: Hope you are able to see my screen, right?
Sunny: Yes, I can see.
Manaswini: Yeah, firstly, I installed… I just verified whether I installed the requirements file or not. It is saying a check of 15 packages, that's fine. When I tried to, run this one, this one here.
Manaswini: I'm not able to do it, I don't… I'm not sure, why… what I did a mistake here.
Sunny: Install the IPY kernel, no, IPY kernel, do one thing.
Sunny: Or show me the recur.txt.
Manaswini: Here, here it is.
Sunny: Give me the exclusive room.
Manaswini: Okay.
Sunny: I think it is not… Showing you that environment.
Sunny: Can you copy that, name and write over here? This one?
Manaswini: It's just…
Sunny: D11.15, copy that. See, no, no, not this.
Sunny: Oh, this…
Manaswini: Just wondering.
Sunny: See if I then copy it.
Manaswini: Okay, cool.
Sunny: Scroll down, scroll down.
Sunny: Okay, right here, UV, VNB.
Sunny: Then again, B and B.
Manaswini: Vnv or ENV?
Manaswini: Yeah.
Sunny: VNB. Any name you can write there. Write VNB, VNB, VNB.
Manaswini: Okay.
Sunny: No Python.
Sunny: Now give that… now hit enter.
Sunny: Oh, now copy this one.
Sunny: VNB script activated.
Sunny: Copy this one.
Manaswini: Yeah, copied.
Sunny: Oh, no pastry.
Manaswini: Source, not required, source is not required.
Sunny: No, this is not required. Now, right here, ubpip install hypernarecoon.tst.
Sunny: pip install.
Manaswini: So, I need to the absolute path, right? .
Sunny: hyphenr, require.txt, just write record.txt here.
Sunny: It is in a current file only, no? Right?
Sunny: Okay, now go with the… close this notebook, e-encoding.
Sunny: Close it.
Manaswini: One second, it is still…
Sunny: I would say delete it, delete it, delete it.
Manaswini: Okay.
Sunny: Create a new notebook, any with other name.
Sunny: Inside, anywhere you can create, yeah.
Manaswini: So, one second, here, I created the VENV, inside the practice folder, but my…
Sunny: It's fine, sir, it's fine, no worries, no worries, sir. Just create that.
Manaswini: Just create a notebook.
Manaswini: In the practice itself, right?
Sunny: Anywhere you can create, in April also, in practice also. Yeah, just create a test.ip when b here.
Sunny: Hmm.
Sunny: Now open the code.
Sunny: Select the kernel first.
Sunny: Python. Select another kernel.
Sunny: by the environment.
Sunny: Oh, no, wait.
Sunny: Why it does not show me…
Manaswini: Do you need to relaunch the VS Core?
Sunny: Just click on theirs, click on those.
Manaswini: The same one? A recommended one?
Sunny: Click on… click on this.
Manaswini: Okay.
Sunny: Now write something and run it.
Sunny: Install the kernel.
Sunny: Actually, now, I think your system is having some issue with the Python. Do you have Python in your system?
Sunny: Open the CRM.
Manaswini: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny: write CMD in the search box.
Manaswini: not…
Sunny: here, in the search box, open the window CMD.
Manaswini: Okay.
Manaswini: Ian?
Sunny: Open the CMD.
Sunny: Alright, Python here.
Sunny: Actually, Nasir, what is the issue, what I can see?
Sunny: Because of something it is not able to detect, Inside your…
Manaswini: Or did I…
Sunny: Based on.
Manaswini: 3.11, couple of places, I'm not sure.
Sunny: Just close it, close it, once.
Sunny: Close this one. Close this, window.
Manaswini: Okay.
Sunny: I think now, see, what is happening over here… Let me check…
Sunny: Because the name is not coming. Until the name mode will not come, how we can make sure that that same environment is being consistent?
Manaswini: I would like to show you some folders, .
Sunny: Have you done any, any, like, changes or something while installing Python and all?
Manaswini: No, I did not do anything. Can I be a fresh start with your help, man?
Manaswini: Sunny, are you with me?
Sunny: Wait, wait, I'm checking, what is this issue, actually?
Manaswini: Up.
Sunny: We are invited to do such a show.
Sunny: Now, press Ctrl-Shift-P and reload the window.
Manaswini: Ctrl-Shift-V?
Sunny: Ctrl-Shift-P.
Manaswini: Okay.
Sunny: Reload window. Yes.
Sunny: Now, again, check with your IPONV file.
Sunny: Select kernel.
Sunny: Another kernel, Python environment.
Sunny: No, here, I think the path is the same.
Sunny: Is she learning? Wait.
Sunny: Just copy the path of the Python exe, close this window, Closer.
Manaswini: None.
Sunny: close this window, select… now just go with the VNB, click on the VNB.
Manaswini: Okay.
Sunny: Script.
Sunny: Python.exe. Check python.exe is there or not.
Sunny: python.exe, scroll down.
Sunny: python.exe.
Manaswini: Yeah, just…
Sunny: Copy the path of it, copy the path?
Sunny: Right-click, copy path, Oh, now go with the interpreter.
Sunny: Python interpreter. Select another kernel.
Sunny: Oh, nope.
Sunny: Python environment. No, no, no, no, back, back, back, back, sir.
Sunny: Python environment. Oh, now paste over here.
Sunny: Hit enter.
Manaswini: I'm hitting Egypt.
Sunny: See, that is a problem. Actually, it is detecting some other paths. Go back here, go back.
Sunny: Go back.
Manaswini: Okay.
Sunny: No, no, no, just clean it, clean it, huh? Now see.
Sunny: Actually, some of the, by default, Python is being created at some places while you installed it.
Sunny: And those parts directly is being detected over here, instead of this local one, which we have created.
Sunny: Okay.
Sunny: IPy kernel, we can do it. That is not an issue. But again, that would be a temporary solution, not a permanent one.
Manaswini: Because…
Sunny: Let's say if you have to install the other package, other than library, then for that also, you will have to follow those individual commands.
Sunny: So, even though if I'm going to fix this IPI kernel right now, other libraries still will give the issue.
Sunny: So better, what you can do, you can remove the Python, entire Python from your system.
Sunny: Okay, and then I'll reinstall everything. Again.
Sunny: Okay, just clean this Python completely and reinstall. Maybe some path mismatch issue is there, because of that, it is detecting something else inside your system. See, it is detecting from app, data, roaming, UB, Python, CPython. This is the recommended path which is showing.
Sunny: Okay, so this is from the UB, which we have installed, but I couldn't… I'm not able to understand why it is not showing this VNV1 over here.
Sunny: Okay. So, do one thing, install everything, install again, restart the system, and then show me tomorrow. Got it?
Manaswini: Oh, okay, fine, yeah. Thank you, Sun, yeah.
Sunny: Thank you.
Ishan Saini: As an AM audible.
Sunny: Just a second… let me check how many people are there.
Sunny: Okay, Sean, Suni, Ram, anyone is there, go ahead, guys.
Ishan Saini: Yeah, Sunny, so, like, I have a basic question, like.
Ishan Saini: So I don't have any prerequisite about ML. I just wanted to know, like, I got to know that we do encoding to, convert the textual data to, you know, NumPy array, or maybe, array of numbers, but what is the actual use case of encoding? Because as… when we discussed the cons.
Ishan Saini: It doesn't even store the context, and not even the order, so what… why do we use encoding? Why don't we directly use embedding? Like, is there any…
Sunny: These are the… no, no, these are the classical methods, actually.
Ishan Saini: Okay.
Sunny: embedding toh.
Sunny: Uske pelevito kuch hoga, right?
Sunny: There would be something before the embedding, yeah. So this encoding, actually, it's a classical method.
Sunny: Got it? Okay. Yes or no, right?
Ishan Saini: Yup.
Sunny: So that's why we are learning to understand the fundamental.
Sunny: These are the classical methods. Now, nowadays, we have latest embedding models, okay?
Ishan Saini: Okay, so, there was one more doubt. In, OHE, we, first we process the data, we convert it into wordings tokens, and then we passed, to the fit and transfer. But in, BOW, we directly give the document in the object. Why so?
Sunny: Because those libraries designed in such a way.
Ishan Saini: Oh, okay, so in BOW, you can…
Sunny: Right there.
Ishan Saini: document.
Sunny: That, we cannot do anything.
Sunny: In whatever way the creator has provided us a code, we are using that
Sunny: You have created that liability? No, I haven't created this liability.
Ishan Saini: another reason.
Sunny: Hmm.
Ishan Saini: Yeah, no.
Sunny: No another reason, in whatever way the library habit design, the function, methodology, and all, according to that, we'll have to use that, okay?
Ishan Saini: Yeah, yeah, sure.
Sunny: Maybe the creator have not updated that same functionality. That's why it is like that.
Sunny: Logan?
Ishan Saini: Okay, and another last question is, like, like, when you were teaching on the Blackboard, when you wrote the… when you converted the documents into the one-hot encoding, it was different from what that, Python code has, given us, the encoding.
Sunny: Excellent.
Ishan Saini: So is it like that, it.
Sunny: Python, see, Python is given in a sequence, means that alphabetical sequence. That's what I was saying, no?
Sunny: just check. I think that vocabulary have been created, and it is in an alphabetical sequence, okay? Because of that, the numbering could be different, but the concept would be same.
Sunny: Recorded.
Ishan Saini: Sure. Thank you, Sanya, and you are doing a great job. Like, I have done so many courses, never I got a chance to clear my doubt. Like, yeah, thanks.
Sunny: Thank you, sir, thank you very much.
Amol Jamkar: Amountable?
Ram S: year.
Sunny: Anybody is there, guys? Go ahead. Yeah, no, please, go ahead.
Amol Jamkar: Yeah.
Amol Jamkar: Okay.
Sunny: You have a good word?
Sunny: Anmol, Kabitha, who would like to go first?
Suni Sri: I can go over to… this is, Suni, you mentioned my name earlier. So, today you went over the…
Suni Sri: two algorithms, basically the one hot encoder and bag of words. Seems like these exist from long time, but the implementation probably, I mean, like, took over in last 15, 20 years in Python, is it? Just wanted to get a background. I know you are going in order, so that we have the.
Suni Sri: I know, we… so this is applicable to NLP, is it? Like diesel…
Suni Sri: Okay, so is the implementation we saw today, is it the best, I mean, like, most used one, or are there, like, better versions of those libraries? Just wanted to get, like, some background on that.
Suni Sri: Or is this the only implementation, whatever we used for the… for these… these algorithms?
Sunny: This, ma'am, see, this encoding techniques, actually, as I told you, we were get… we were using, or no… sorry, we were using earlier, right? Earlier means when? When, basically, the neural network was not evolved.
Sunny: Okay.
Sunny: Neural network was not evolved means when the deep learning was evolving, maybe in 2012, 2013, right? So before that, actually, we were using this particular technique. Even till 2015, 2018 also, in most of the use cases, this thing had been applied.
Sunny: When I was into the industry, right, when I started my career in data science in 2019 itself, and I worked on some predictive modeling, okay, at that time also, we have used this TF-IDF extensively.
Sunny: Getting my point, right?
Suni Sri: Huh.
Sunny: So…
Suni Sri: Nope.
Sunny: These are the base, actually. So you can think, after 2012 to 2019, actually, these techniques were dominating. When the neural network got evolved, the watermetic kind of technique came, you can check out with the Google research paper, maybe tomorrow I'll show you.
Sunny: So, Google has introduced one very amazing technique that changed the entire thing, in the embedding world. That was the, word embedding, word-to-back technique. Okay, that was a very popular technique, right?
Sunny: So then, when the dent tech… when that technique came, you can check out the specific, number of year, or even I will, show you in the next session the research paper and all everything.
Sunny: You can go through with that, okay? And you can check when this technique was introduced. Then, you know the transformer era, after 2018-19, bored, GPTs and all.
Sunny: Right? Then we have some SOTA models. So if you want the specific chronology year-wise, maybe tomorrow I can discuss onto that, okay? Don't worry.
Suni Sri: Yeah, yeah, no issue. So, I mean, like, we are going through all these models, like, which are, like, a little bit older at this point, but to have the concepts, you are going over all these.
Suni Sri: But whatever is the latest, so you'll be going there, and they will be spending more time, is that the idea, the evaluation? I'm just, trying to understand the flow.
Sunny: Huh. We'll understand the latest one, okay? Don't worry. So, after this one only, we'll include the SOTA model.
Sunny: Got it.
Sunny: A state-of-art model, okay?
Suni Sri: Oh, yeah.
Sunny: Yup.
Amol Jamkar: Mr department?
Sunny: Yes, Amold, you are audible. Please go ahead.
Amol Jamkar: Actually, I had some, like, can I share my screen, if possible?
Sunny: Yeah, you can share.
Amol Jamkar: How to do that? Okay, settings.
Sunny: Very good, a panelist.
Amol Jamkar: Okay.
Amol Jamkar: shouldn't.
Amol Jamkar: Okay, listen. Is my screen visible, which screen? Actually, I have 3 screens, so, is my screen visible having the base code?
Sunny: No, it is not visible.
Amol Jamkar: Which screen, can you see? Is it a Word document, or the Google web browser, or VS Code?
Sunny: Nothing, nothing, sir, nothing I can see. Share the screen.
Amol Jamkar: We'll get this.
Sunny: That is clean, yeah.
Amol Jamkar: Okay, Jessica, share the screen.
Amol Jamkar: suitable speed.
Amol Jamkar: Oops.
Amol Jamkar: Is there a, I don't know where the option to share the screen is?
Amol Jamkar: So, excuse me… should be… I'm not able to find the option to share the screen, actually.
Sunny: arrow, up, up arrow, share option would be there, just check. Press the Alt, Alt plus S.
Amol Jamkar: Alt plus S.
Amol Jamkar: Yo, yeah, yeah, okay.
Amol Jamkar: Scream, screaming.
Amol Jamkar: Okay.
Amol Jamkar: Okay, is my screen visible now?
Sunny: Yeah, it is visible.
Amol Jamkar: Yeah, so actually, I had, I just followed, I mean, I was trying to link, the Git project, to the base code.
Amol Jamkar: And I was able to do so, like, I followed, like, one of, the, the colleagues, he asked some question, I think, questions, so following that, I, linked this, I glued it.
Amol Jamkar: Into my local folder, and then, use a core dot. And then, after that, I created… after that, I created, this, a local project.
Amol Jamkar: And then an environment as well.
Amol Jamkar: Where is that? Yeah, and then environment as well.
Amol Jamkar: Over here.
Amol Jamkar: Okay. But then the thing is, this, I mean, I'm encountering this error, like, I deleted the repository several times, but then this, I'm, this failed to install this JSON patch.
Amol Jamkar: 1.33. And then I tried to Google it, I mean.
Sunny: No, regarding what you're getting this error.
Amol Jamkar: I mean, while installing the requirements.txt, you know, all the package.
Sunny: Just install the Recon.txt, do it.
Amol Jamkar: Yeah, okay, this thing.
Amol Jamkar: You… Sweet.
Amol Jamkar: The story, miss all.
Amol Jamkar: Okay, let me just clear this… no.
Amol Jamkar: no students.
Sunny: pip install hyper-recon.txt, right there.
Sunny: What is the…
Amol Jamkar: failure to load this JSON patch.
Sunny: Wait, wait, wait, write Python over here, Python… write Python?
Sunny: I'll hit enter.
Sunny: 3.11.15.
Sunny: Just a second. Show me the recur.
Amol Jamkar: I mean, and when I do… when I install it in my regular… in my order folder, it is working fine. That is, suppose if I.
Sunny: Sir, there could be… there could be some issue, don't worry, don't worry.
Sunny: Just exit from here.
Amol Jamkar: Excellent.
Sunny: do one thing. Delete this environment, ENV environment, create a new one, okay?
Amol Jamkar: This one.
Sunny: write RM hyphen RF, delete it. Yeah, now create a new environment here.
Sunny: Delete this terminal also.
Amol Jamkar: In addition…
Sunny: Sir, terminal, terminal, not this one, sir, terminal only.
Sunny: Okay, go ahead. Why don't close that?
Amol Jamkar: Okay, no, just a confirmed, I just confirmed.
Amol Jamkar: Now open the new…
Sunny: Open the new terminal.
Sunny: right there.
Sunny: Write a command again, UVVNB, ENB, Python, Python, hyphen, hyphen, Python, and give that Python name.
Sunny: So first, right, you want the title list.
Amol Jamkar: One question I had, do we need to necessarily create a project folder using Ubi Unit before creating environment?
Sunny: No, it is not required. Create an environment directly. Do it.
Amol Jamkar: It will be there.
Amol Jamkar: Indeed.
Amol Jamkar: Beautiful.
Sunny: First, write UBPython list.
Amol Jamkar: We'll give them.
Sunny: Now take that, name, 3.11,
Sunny: See Python 3.11, take that one.
Sunny: No, right here.
Sunny: Yo.
Amol Jamkar: Bye.
Sunny: within Python, so give the space, right?
Amol Jamkar: God.
Sunny: Now hit enter.
Sunny: Now, copy this one, paste it there.
Sunny: Now install the requirement.txt, okay?
Sunny: Okay, it is working now.
Sunny: Your next stop is Kavita? Maybe what's your thought?
Amol Jamkar: Actually, I had other states, again, giving the same error.
Sunny: Actually, what is happening now, maybe your environment is getting corrupted. Because of that, it is coming like that.
Sunny: This JSON patch issue comes when the environment is getting corrupted, okay?
Amol Jamkar: Okay, so do you have any solution for it, or…
Sunny: Absolutely.
Amol Jamkar: when I'm… so what I was saying is, when I'm doing it in the.
Sunny: Yeah, do one thing, no, no, do one thing, just install this library, UB… sorry, UB install JSON patch.
Sunny: Do it?
Amol Jamkar: Joby?
Amol Jamkar: uninstra.
Sunny: install up pip install JSON patch.
Sunny: Boop, install JSON patch.
Sunny: P-A-T-C-H.
Amol Jamkar: Okay, Jason, bye.
Sunny: name is there, no? JSON patch is equal to 11113 Han now.
Amol Jamkar: Oh.
Sunny: Is equal to 111.33, right?
Sunny: No, not this one, bracket, bracket method, sir.
Sunny: Copy kurtu, paste kurtu dar.
Sunny: Huh, hit enter.
Sunny: Cannot install package. Mind.
Sunny: We gotta find an org phone.
Amol Jamkar: Should I choose some other Python version or something for this, according to…
Amol Jamkar: Older version?
Sunny: You might get other issues, actually, with other libraries.
Sunny: You are getting pictures.
Amol Jamkar: So, when I use it in the order folder, no, it is working fine. For example, when I had created my own folder, and not cloned it, so this I'm getting only the cloned folder, but when I'm using it, in this folder, it is all packages I'm storing.
Amol Jamkar: I'm able to run everything, so… so… so it is only happening in the clone folder, so… Okay.
Amol Jamkar: Fine, fine, I mean, I'll try to look into it, in case that's taking a time, so I'll look into it.
Sunny: I think now what is happening, so…
Sunny: Is this project linked to your OneDrive, this one?
Amol Jamkar: Yes, I think so.
Sunny: Because of that now may be some issues there.
Amol Jamkar: Okay, so… so I'll try to create something outside the OneDrive, and then…
Sunny: Oh, correct, correct.
Amol Jamkar: Fine, and then as a school…
Sunny: because of that, there's some permission issues there, maybe, which is not able to ha- which is not being handled by this UV.
Amol Jamkar: Okay, but in this older folder, no, which is also in the OneDrive, it is… I'm able to install on. So… so is it fine if I directly copy the packages, like, from here to that folder? Would it…
Sunny: Even this environment also you can use in a kernel, no worries about that.
Amol Jamkar: Okay, but the only thing is…
Sunny: VS Code. Yeah, just open that VS Code, select this kernel as a…
Sunny: Main kernel over there, okay? Like that also you can work.
Amol Jamkar: after, after creating a button, I need to also clone… clone your… the, like, project, so will I be able to clone into that project, into that folder?
Amol Jamkar: Like, for example… Just a second, who is that?
Amol Jamkar: What I mean to say is, I'm able to install all the packages in this particular, like, A and V folder, which I created earlier. Can I clone your… clone your repository into this folder while I'm in…
Sunny: Clone in a separate folder, clone in a separate folder, okay?
Amol Jamkar: Okay. And then, other questions I had, some of them, just a second, a few questions. So, the thing is, so when we, like, regarding the VS Code and Git link.
Amol Jamkar: do we need to always, means… means while we are, like, pushing the codes from the PS code to the Git, are the environment packages also pushed? Like, for example, what I mean to say is, this is lib scripts here, and these, these photos, are they…
Amol Jamkar: Are they also pushed by default, or do we need to do something so that they are not pushed?
Sunny: Just mention in the gitignore file, don't push that, okay?
Amol Jamkar: Okay, okay, so whichever folders, okay, okay. So, so you have mentioned in the getting node to not push those folders, that's why.
Sunny: years.
Amol Jamkar: They are not getting booked. Okay, okay.
Sunny: Correct.
Amol Jamkar: That is…
Amol Jamkar: Okay. And then the final question was that, the… suppose I have an environment, suppose, like, this is the main folder, and these are all the different folders. Now, my environment is a separate folder than this, than the class folder. Then will I… then suppose if I have this, file inside this order folder.
Amol Jamkar: Will it still be able to use the packages in the…
Amol Jamkar: In the other, ENV folder? Or do I need to place it inside the ENV folder?
Sunny: anywhere from here, even in the different folder also, you can use the same environment, actually.
Amol Jamkar: Okay, means… means all the… I mean, suppose if I have a code in the auth folder as well, that will be able to use the packages in the ENV.
Sunny: Correct, correct, right.
Amol Jamkar: Okay, as far… as far as,
Amol Jamkar: But then, would this be applicable even when the above… like, I don't have any project here?
Amol Jamkar: Like, for example, our, like, we did.
Sunny: It is applicable. See, it is just a folder. Wherever you will set a path of it in any sort of a kernel, it will be using.
Sunny: Okay.
Sunny: So just understand what it is, actually.
Sunny: You have creator involved?
Amol Jamkar: Right? Yeah.
Sunny: Now, create file anywhere, IPONV file anywhere. You just require that path over here, part over there, inside the kernel. You can use it anywhere, actually.
Amol Jamkar: Okay, okay, so… okay, okay, so, so you mean that while I am inside this environment, that is when this has been shown, that this is active?
Amol Jamkar: Then, when I open an executor file, it will always use all the characteristics of this environment, which I have switched into.
Sunny: Correct. Whatever you're installing from there.
Amol Jamkar: Okay, means, like, I just need to be switched to that environment in the… in the terminal, and then after that, I can… I can open a file placed in any of… any path in the Windows on my complete laptop, and it will be able to use the packages I have installed in this environment, right?
Sunny: Not in different laptop, same laptop.
Amol Jamkar: Yeah, yeah, I mean, it's the same laptop, I can paste it in any other directory as well.
Sunny: Correct, sir.
Amol Jamkar: just execute while I am where this environment is active, so it can use the package. Okay.
Amol Jamkar: Fine, so thank you, thanks a lot, yeah.
Sunny: Thank you, next door.
Ram S: Sonny?
Suneel Kumar: I see.
Sunny: Oh, yes, Sonia, that's alright.
Suneel Kumar: Hi, Sunny. So, yeah, thank you so much for giving me a chance. So basically, I have, doubt on fit method. So, basically, it says, learns the transformation rules from, from your data. So.
Suneel Kumar: like, I want to know, key, under the hood, KSE, like, it is important, on, and how the rules are creating, from the data.
Suneel Kumar: So, like, abhma pass text, then, let's say, other scalar data, hoga, then Uskelia, other rule, it will automatically create, right? So, based on that, the transform method, applies that rules, right? So.
Suneel Kumar: to… rules creator, right?
Sunny: already create… I mean, it is a coded one.
Sunny: You can check out the backend coding, actually.
Suneel Kumar: Nate, let's seeki.
Sunny: Let's see, let me explain you that. Let's say you are going to do 1010 coding. You've given some data there. You fit the data. Now, what it is doing, it is just creating a vocabulary out of that. That's it.
Sunny: Okay.
Sunny: Getting my point. So, for every class, there is a fit method. It's not like that it is only one fit method, no. For one out encoder.
Sunny: different fit method. From, for vector encoder, different fit method. For TFIDF class, different fit method. For every class, different fit method, okay?
Suneel Kumar: Okay. I think, the fit method is just creating the vocabulary, just the unique word.
Sunny: Correct. It is creating a vocabulary here, that's it.
Suneel Kumar: ki 10, 20, 30, matap scalar number ho, koi. Toh, skill ye, let's say my fit method apply girtha ho, for encoder, let's say hot encoder, then us case may…
Sunny: convert karayana.
Sunny: show karna chhati aap.
Sunny: Try kar saktein, maybe aapho era de ga wo. Agar nai deta hai, toh mehi wo mechanism yoga handle ky agar ko numerical value array, thoseko string mein convert karke, orski vocabulary bananaki, usko wo matlock per transform kar de parta. Toh aku check karle na pagle ga wala sais, okay?
Suneel Kumar: Gotcha, okay, okay. So, basically, it is just doing a unique, words in Iqal, right? Pure SR data, may say.
Sunny: That's correct. Uska description dia tohi men aapko paste seh ki ha esti me allosmo padi adeki, ma'am leka hau.
Suneel Kumar: Okay, take it, take it. Thank you, Sunny. Thanks so much.
Ram S: Yeah, Sunny, this is later, so…
Sunny: You're wrong.
Ram S: So, actually, I have a fourth question. Would you include the prompt engineering as well in this.
Sunny: Prompt engineering will also include so, correct.
Ram S: Okay, so we are doing the encoding.
Ram S: And it will convert into vector.
Ram S: But,
Ram S: at the last stage, how machine decode that vector and to showing to text or number? Is there any.
Sunny: Mathematicals. We do it with a mathematical calculation, actually. Our model is doing that, okay.
Ram S: Pokemon.
Sunny: it's.
Ram S: converting that, but…
Sunny: We provide this data, yeah, we provide this data to the models.
Sunny: to learn that, okay? So that we can, create these AI models, actually. Got it?
Ram S: Okay, so AI model will convert these numbers, understand this, and convert into text.
Sunny: Correct, correct, because those are the mathematical algorithms, okay?
Ram S: Okay, so is there any UI tool which may be built by someone to show what is happening internally to… for better understanding?
Ram S: Like, what… how embedding is going on internally, how the AI model creating graphs or something.
Sunny: Who will learn that, you know, a transformer model will understand, we are going to understand the training of the transformer model, lah.
Sunny: You'll get that overview, okay?
Ram S: So maybe some UI tool, somebody had created, open source, something.
Sunny: So I'm not sure, I'll check that, maybe I'll let you know in tomorrow's session, okay?
Ram S: Okay, suppose we have created this Jennai reg-based system in any of the organizations.
Ram S: Even after fine-tuning, we are getting a 70% of success rate.
Ram S: So, could we lead that it is a failure, a gen rag system, or… Shall we go…
Sunny: That is a subjective thing, sir.
Sunny: I cannot comment on this part, because it is very subjective. For my system, maybe 50% is also… could be the good one. For your system, maybe 90% is also not good, right? So, evaluate internally, check with the business what is correct, what is not correct, okay?
Sunny: And how… at how much accuracy would need to be stopped. Means, we need to be, like, say, our model is good one, okay?
Ram S: Okay, so in one of the videos, you were showing in land graph thing in YouTube channel.
Ram S: So, you are using Streamlit UI.
Ram S: So, can we use any of our own UI, like in React or Angular?
Sunny: Maha, sir, any UI, feel free to create any UI, I mean, from any framework, actually.
Ram S: But suppose in, in that human loop, thing.
Ram S: what you have shown in the videos that is in the Jupyter Notebook or IPNV file.
Ram S: But we have not been able to maintain the state there in UI.
Sunny: Ojata, sir, everything is possible, actually. Coding and all.
Ram S: What do you…
Sunny: In that, we can do it. In Streamlit and React and all, everything is possible.
Ram S: So you can guide on that, in this,
Sunny: Once we'll come to the project, then we'll guide you, no?
Ram S: Yeah, yeah, we will have to wait it.
Sunny: At least 3 to 4 modules, maybe 2 to 3 months to come to that stage, actually.
Ram S: And would you convert, give some idea about the Azure Foundry, or…
Sunny: Azure Cloud Foundry, we'll see at the end, once I'll come to the Gen AI with Cloud, okay? There, we'll discuss that.
Ram S: Okay, okay. And one more issue, like, I was getting Microsoft C++, thing.
Ram S: You told that what we need to do.
Sunny: Use Python 3.11, so you won't… you won't get that issue.
Ram S: 3.11.0.
Sunny: Oh, 3.11, rest is fine, 3.11, but use 3.11, okay?
Ram S: Oh, so, can I use 3.12? I install Microsoft to.
Sunny: No, no, 3.11. Ha, if you're willing to install that C++ tool, then use Python… you can use Python 3.1 also, okay?
Ram S: Okay, okay, thanks, Sunny, for your time.
Sunny: Thank you.
Ram S: tender.
Ram S: Sorry, one more thing, sonny, are you there?
Sunny: Yeah, yeah, I'm good.
Ram S: Actually, this Q&A session would be part of recording, or it would not be?
Sunny: Yeah, yeah, you will get it along with the recording only.
Ram S: Okay, okay, thanks.
revan: Hello, Sonia.
Sunny: Any more doubt, guys? Otherwise, I'll close the session.
Veeksha Kokkula: Yeah, Sane, I'm here.
Sunny: Yo, please go ahead.
Veeksha Kokkula: Yes, Annie, let me share my screen. I don't have an option to share the screen.
revan: Sunny, meanwhile, can I continue with my question?
Veeksha Kokkula: I'm sharing the screen.
Sunny: fix this.
Veeksha Kokkula: Are you able to see the screen?
Sunny: Yes, I can see.
Veeksha Kokkula: Yes, Ani, today is my first session, so I, somehow, I went through all the previous sessions, and
Veeksha Kokkula: I configured the environment, but yeah…
Veeksha Kokkula: Here, yeah, can you clone the Git? I don't know how to configure this.
Veeksha Kokkula: But, I'm following all the…
Veeksha Kokkula: people are asking some doubts, right? So, by watching, I installed this gate, and
Veeksha Kokkula: Yeah, I don't know how to configure… clone this one.
Sunny: Clone… clone my git, you wanted to clone my git, right?
Veeksha Kokkula: Yes.
Sunny: write git clone and give the URL.
Veeksha Kokkula: Where I can write, here I can write.
Sunny: Here you can write, right, git clone, and give that URL.
Veeksha Kokkula: Hmm.
Veeksha Kokkula: Which, which URL I can refer?
Sunny: Git URL, sir, git URL.
Sunny: Holistic Gen AI bootcamp, click on that.
Veeksha Kokkula: This one?
Sunny: Now, click on the code.
Sunny: Code, code, code, green guy can code.
Veeksha Kokkula: Oh, okay.
Sunny: Copy this link, copy this link, yeah, now paste it there.
Sunny: Clone this.
Sunny: Okay, it is done. You can use that quota now.
Veeksha Kokkula: So, now… But here it is not appearing, right? Can I…
Sunny: Sir, this is your folder, sir.
Sunny: Okay, you created it, correct?
Sunny: For the coding, for writing a code. Now, why you will get it over here?
Sunny: I told you, you know, keep it separate. This is your environment. You can do coding, you can do practice, you can write a code and all. My code, keep it separate. So you clone it at some other location, okay? So just maintain my code over there, and maintain your code over here. Got it?
Veeksha Kokkula: Okay, here, one more doubt I have is, I have installed 3.12.
Veeksha Kokkula: But I'm trying to install… 3.11, but it is not getting installed.
Veeksha Kokkula: Google Python HR3.windles. Here it is showing some… I'm correct.
Sunny: Get a valid patent request.
Sunny: You can check now what is the current one. UB, say, 3.11 or 15…
Sunny: You are… you scroll up, scroll up, show me, scroll up.
Sunny: Scroll up, sir, up.
Veeksha Kokkula: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny: 3.11 is there now already. Why you are installing that? Is it installed, see?
Sunny: You scroll… scroll down, scroll down.
Sunny: Scroll down, sir. Wait.
Sunny: 3.11 is already there, no? Create a virtual environment with the 3.11, see? See, Python 3.11 is there.
Sunny: If you are able to see this path now, this blue path, means the Python version is already there, got it?
Veeksha Kokkula: This one?
Sunny: Python 3.11 is already there, okay? So just copy that name and create a virtual environment with that. Got it?
Veeksha Kokkula: Which one? One minute, can I copy…
Sunny: C, you are able to see this blue path or not? Tell me.
Veeksha Kokkula: Which one? This one?
Sunny: This path is able to see correct.
Sunny: what I'm asking to you, are you able to see this path or not?
Veeksha Kokkula: Which one, Sunny?
Sunny: Let's see user user app data roaming…
Sunny: After the C pipe is. Left-hand side is a name, right-hand side is a path.
Veeksha Kokkula: Okay.
Sunny: Getting my point, right?
Veeksha Kokkula: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sunny: If you're able to see this blue path, that means this is available in your system.
Veeksha Kokkula: Okay, okay.
Sunny: Oh, got it.
Sunny: So just copy this name and create an environment, virtual environment.
Veeksha Kokkula: Okay, so…
Sunny: Just create it and let me know in the tomorrow session. I'll check that, okay?
Veeksha Kokkula: Okay, thanks. And one more, one more doubt. So, actually, Sunny, I'm working as a manager here, but I don't have any.
Veeksha Kokkula: calendar for this Python and all these things. I wanted to shift my career into generative AI and authentic AI, because currently, I am handling some data engineering projects
Veeksha Kokkula: So, soon we are going to automate this by using agent AI. So, this course will help us write, help me write, to create the agent and automate all the orchestration, air flows, and all.
Sunny: Yes, correct, right.
Veeksha Kokkula: Okay.
Veeksha Kokkula: Fine, yeah, yeah. Yes, I'm a slow learner, and I can… anyway, I will complete the course, but I… I'm a bit slow, so it won't be a problem.
Sunny: No worries, no worries, sir. See, still, you will have access till, I think, 2 years, right? So, after, even after the course also, you can complete that, no worries, okay?
Veeksha Kokkula: Okay, okay, fine. Thank you, son. Thank you for your time.
Sunny: Thank you, sir, thank you.
Sunny: Guys, any more doubt? Otherwise, I will close the session. And rest of the doubt, I will change tomorrow's class.
Bhaavya: That's okay.
Bhaavya: You're right.
Sunny: given via.
revan: Yes, Google.
Sunny: Where? Yup.
revan: Okay, thank you. Sunny, actually, my question was related to,
revan: That's, is the… what I mentioned in the community chat, related to I wasn't able to understand the things, because it was earlier in the first half, before the dinner session, it was going very fast, I… I thought, I thought.
revan: But later on, when, you somewhere slowed down a bit, and at that time I could go, I could understand the things, whatever you taught, in today's session. So, thank you, thank you for, readjusting the gears.
revan: But the, but, and the, another thing is that the, my comment was related to, in the community chat, was related to, into the first session, very first introduction, introductory session, where, Krish, sir, was mentioning that.
revan: Although, if we haven't completed a prerequisite, but we can go along, side by side, and
revan: we can continue the course. So, actually, I am doing the course, some… the prerequisite training side by side, but,
revan: it is going too, fast for me, currently. So, I am facing difficulty to understand or follow along with you. So, just wanted your guidance for this, and during the session, I was try… I mean, I was…
revan: mentioning this, that, can you just a bit slow down, but actually, that comment didn't get to you from the moderator, I guess. So that's why it, this mess happened.
revan: Today. So, can we just, core related the things, and…
Sunny: That's what I'm saying, no? See, sir, you are learning in your way, someone is learning in their own way, okay? Majority of the people are able to follow, couple of people are not able to follow. Everyone is in a different, like, way, right? So, see, you should not deviate to the people, first of all.
Sunny: Right? You should not write the sensitive thing or anything which can be deviated to the pupil, okay? If you have any such thing, just come to me directly, like you discussed right now.
Sunny: Okay, and we are able to discuss that, right? Please, I'm able to hear your query, I will give you the solution, even you are saying your thing and all, correct? So, better to write to me, Sunny, I'm facing this issue, that issue, can you help me over here, can you provide me more content, or can I join the session later on, after completing all the recording and after completing all the prerequisites and all? It is fine, no need to join the live classes and all. I would say, yes, you can
Sunny: can do it.
Sunny: If you have anything, if you have any personal thing, connect with me separately, I'm there for you, okay? But again, if you have any such thing.
Sunny: Write to me directly, write in a Zoom chat, or mail to me, but don't deviate to the other people. That was my meaning over there. Got it? And, you are learning from the prerequisite, if you're not able to cope up in the live session, it happens, right?
revan: Yes.
Sunny: give some time, some more time to you, at least one or two months. See, two to three classes is a very early time, right? Even you don't know me, even you don't know the curriculum properly, once you will.
Sunny: up with all the entire thing, maybe within one or two months, right? You won't, again, ask for this thing and all, right? Automatically, the thing will happen, going, like, in a right direction, right? So don't be worried, be there, be patient, learn continuously, got it?
revan: Yeah, so, just wanted, means, you mentioned there that, you will guide us, how to cope up with the things, do, means, although if you are not, we are not from the background, from AI, ML, means not AI, ML or DL background.
revan: So, that is what any, any alternative ways are, rather than going through those videos, any learn, from the Krishna, any documentations, shall we refer, or something, as a credible.
Sunny: Excellent.
revan: or some tea.
Sunny: first of all, understand one thing, right? Learning AI within a month, within 15 days, it's not possible at all.
revan: Okay.
Sunny: Right? Si, aap Hindi sumasana. Si, meh, AI mein, saath at salce kam kar rahmu, pribi agar aj bhi kush naya part, to mujay wo chis, nahi lakti aur ache se samajati hai.
Sunny: Toh aap esa bilkul apek mat kiji ki mein AI Patra ho, pandra bis din mehi yeh video deki wokore de Kristar ka video deki mira video dekaya aapko ajay ga sumaj mein. Yeh, understanding hone mein time lakhta tulat chi jay.
Sunny: Apo che mini bhi lak sakte hain, egg salvi lak sakte hain, jabba aapko real-time project. Toh ye chijay, 3DC wohoti hai, complicated hain.
Sunny: aap sum joist baat ko. Mein aapko koi video as a direct suggest ni kar sakhta koi, kyu ki bahi AI is a big thing. Deploy kar di ai project kar dia, iskil yk sequence learning lakhti AI keel liae.
Sunny: Sequence learning kise, sequence learning meltap, agaram surus pard na chahi toam ML par sakte hain, DL par sakte hain, firam or DLK advanced concept mein deep dive kar sakte hain. Firam NLP par sakte, generative AI, firin chijogo summer sakte hain, ki kese inka, actually mein real time mein use hot hai. Wo chich bhane karna bhai tapotha hai. Japa kam real time project mein kaamna kare.
Sunny: Toh ye muscle memory aapki develop hone mein understanding develop hone mein time lagi ga. Toh apne aapko thora time dije, agarap different background se aapna vita kuch ni pada hai toh, take dothin mahinaga time lig ye, ramse padi hai koi dikatne hai. Got it?
Sunny: You got it, right?
Sunny: Hello, hello, hello, guys, I'm audible.
revan: Yes, you are.
Sunny: Okay, okay, Raban, I think you got it.
revan: Thank you, yes, yes, yes, thank you.
Sunny: Okay, any more doubt, guys, or whoever.
Bhaavya: Honey, can you hear me?
Sunny: has raised the hand… yes, Bayab, please go ahead.
Bhaavya: Yeah, it's not in the link. I think it is too late. Usually, my question is, very simple. I think, you told two things, one hot encoder, and
Bhaavya: The vector one, correct? So, where we can do the… these are the number of words, the single words counting. So…
Bhaavya: So, this is a one-hooked encoder, do we need to have the number of, dimension of the documents, should we say? Is this a requirement?
Bhaavya: Because if I was given the number of…
Bhaavya: text, in each sentence, D1, D2, D3, but it was different, that it was not giving that output, it was saying that it is not homogeneous, something like that.
Sunny: No, I'm not getting what you are saying, sorry.
Bhaavya: Okay, so I'm saying, when we were doing the example of one out importer.
Bhaavya: And in that scenario, when we are creating… converting that to… creating the object importer, then calling the fitTransform method, correct?
Bhaavya: There, we were passing those, tokens, so it was saying, dimension is not homogeneous.
Bhaavya: I'm getting the error.
Bhaavya: I think…
Sunny: something wrong you are doing, maybe, just check out with your execution again, just check out my solution. Go through with my GitHub solution.
Bhaavya: Something is wrong. I got it right, so you got a point, what I'm saying.
Bhaavya: Okay. Can I share my screen? I think it'll be very simple.
Sunny: Yeah, share the screen, sir.
Bhaavya: A little, as you can see.
Sunny: Yes, I can see.
Bhaavya: Okay, for example, you see here, I have one document, for example, in this one. Creating this in order, and then creating these, tokens, correct?
Bhaavya: You ignored.
Bhaavya: So, for example, I'm using the numpad record, and then passing this to this forfeit array. So, it is giving this output, correct? So, as it is giving the output. But if I just say… add one more word here, for example.
Bhaavya: And… and now, this is getting mismatched, correct? Number of dimension, it is getting mismatched, was only allowing 4. So, in this case, it is throwing the error.
Bhaavya: So, what is the requirement for this one? So, so it is a C, it is saying, you know, however it is.
Bhaavya: That error is…
Sunny: Not like that, you just have to keep 3-3 words.
Bhaavya: It radiology.
Sunny: Click on the view word rep. Click on the view, view.
Bhaavya: Well…
Sunny: View, view, view, selection, view, header, header, header.
Sunny: Middle, better, better.
Sunny: Editor, File, edit, selection, view.
Bhaavya: Okay, pile.
Sunny: View, view, click on view.
Bhaavya: Okay.
Sunny: Word rep, word rep.
Sunny: blah.
Bhaavya: Class, class, and class. Okay.
Sunny: Docs, one autoencoder, docs, document, split tokens.
Sunny: Tokens… Tucos.
Sunny: I think something wrong you're doing. Just give me this example. Copy this and paste it in the… paste it in the chat.
Bhaavya: Okay.
Sunny: In my example, also, there is a different, different word, right?
Bhaavya: No, first one, it was… I have 3 letter over 3 words.
Sunny: Popped it in the chat fast, please.
Bhaavya: Oh, Chris.
Sunny: Not here, in chat, sir, in chat. This is not a chat. This is a co-pilot.
Bhaavya: Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Bhaavya: The second one is taking that,
Sunny: Sir, actually, your code is not correct. You are not doing period processing properly. Use this code, which I've given to you in the chat.
Bhaavya: Okay.
Sunny: I, given in the chat, use this code. Okay, I think some issue with the pre-processing only.
Sunny: That's why it is getting failed.
Sunny: Copy it and paste it there.
Sunny: Run it now.
Sunny: Okay.
Bhaavya: Okay, okay.
Sunny: It will be creating a vector now, if you're going to use this.
Bhaavya: Okay, what dimensional vector we are creating it here, okay.
Sunny: Yeah.
Bhaavya: Okay.
Bhaavya: Okay, fine. So, I'm… okay, so is there any way that we can see that number… what is the sequence of my… when I raise the hand, what is my sequence? But it is… I think it is too late, I need to know.
Sunny: We can discuss it later on, or you can mail it to me also.
Bhaavya: Okay, cool, sure. Thank you.
Sunny: Feels good. Thank you.
Bhaavya: Thank you, Mr. Ms. Bay.
Sunny: Okay, guys, so thank you, bye, take care, I'll see you in the next class. Thank you.